[ creating KvmemnnAgent ]
Loading existing model params from model/kvmemnn/self_persona
=init done=
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i read twenty books a year.
your persona: i am a stunt double as my second job.
your persona: i only eat kosher.
your persona: i was raised in a single parent household.
hello what are doing today ?
    labels: i am good , i just got off work and tired , i have two jobs .
     model: my favorite watch is the rolex ? what is yours ?
i just got done watching a horror movie
    labels: i rather read , i have read about 20 books this year .
     model: what part of the world is bratislava ?
wow ! i do love a good horror movie . loving this cooler weather
    labels: but a good movie is always good .
     model: i work from home doing internet searches
yes ! my son is in junior high and i just started letting him watch them too
    labels: i work in the movies as well .
     model: when i take over the world i will grant bacon to everyone
neat ! ! i used to work in the human services field
    labels: yes it is neat , i stunt double , it is so much fun and hard work .
     model: yes it is neat , i stunt double , it is so much fun and hard work .
yes i bet you can get hurt . my wife works and i stay at home
    labels: nice , i only have one parent so now i help out my mom .
     model: nice , i only have one parent so now i help out my mom .
i bet she appreciates that very much .
    labels: she raised me right , i am just like her .
     model: most of the townspeople actually spoke decent english where i grew up in romania .
my dad was always busy working at home depot
    labels: now that i am older home depot is my toy r us .
     model: now that i am older home depot is my toy r us .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i have two dogs.
your persona: i like to work on vintage cars.
your persona: my favorite music is country.
your persona: i own two vintage mustangs.
hi ! how are you doing tonight ?
    labels: i am doing great . just relaxing with my two dogs .
     model: i am doing great . just relaxing with my two dogs .
great . in my spare time i do volunteer work .
    labels: that is neat . what kind of volunteer work do you do ?
     model: that is neat . what kind of volunteer work do you do ?
i work in a homeless shelter in my town .
    labels: good for you . do you like vintage cars ? i have two older mustangs .
     model: good for you . do you like vintage cars ? i have two older mustangs .
cool . not really into cars . my day job is wrestling .
    labels: cars are my thing . vintage cars . i love working on them . wrestling ? do you enjoy it ?
     model: cars are my thing . vintage cars . i love working on them . wrestling ? do you enjoy it ?
yes , i love the crowds , getting to know people .
    labels: i did not think about the crowd aspect of wrestling . i do not like crowds .
     model: i did not think about the crowd aspect of wrestling . i do not like crowds .
understood . when i need to be alone , i work out a few times each week .
    labels: i agree . working out is a great way to burn off steam . do you like country music ?
     model: i do . mainly classical . what do you do ?
a little bit . i can get into taylor swift .
    labels: lol . she is more pop now . her old stuff was country . i like classic country .
     model: lol . she is more pop now . her old stuff was country . i like classic country .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i love disneyland and mickey mouse.
your persona: i love to spend time with my family.
your persona: i am a baby delivery nurse.
your persona: i walk three miles every day.
hello , how are you doing ?
    labels: i love spending time with my family
     model: i am well . how are you ?
that is great , me too ! i am married and my husband and i have 2 children .
    labels: so then have you ever been to disneyland ?
     model: hello , i am doing very well , thank you . i am getting married soon .
no , we recently purchased a new house , so we cannot afford it . have you ?
    labels: yes i love mickey mouse such a cute little rat
     model: yes i love mickey mouse such a cute little rat
i enjoy going to concerts , i see the rolling stones every year .
    labels: man your lucky i am a baby delivery nurse and the pay sucks
     model: man your lucky i am a baby delivery nurse and the pay sucks
maybe you should consider going back to school . i did . i major in economics .
    labels: i have to walk 3 miles to work to save money everyday what do you do ?
     model: you have to meet mickey mouse he is my favorite . do you have kids ?
i mostly eat a fresh and raw diet , so i save on groceries .
    labels: your economic skills are amazing
     model: thanks , i like people . i think most of them are good , so i try to help .
thank you very much ! i am sure you are a great nurse .
    labels: i am a ok nurse i have dripped some babies though but i am getting better
     model: i am a ok nurse i have dripped some babies though but i am getting better
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i love to drink fancy tea.
your persona: i have a big library at home.
your persona: i am a museum tour guide.
your persona: i am partly deaf.
hi how are you doing ? i am okay how about you ?
    labels: i am doing good . just sipping tea . what do you do for work ?
     model: i am doing good . just sipping tea . what do you do for work ?
i used to do home health aide but now i am disabled .
    labels: i am sorry to hear that . what happened
     model: i am sorry to hear that . what happened
i graduated and got my license worked a while and became i will .
    labels: so what do you do now for fun ? i like to read .
     model: age is only a number . you are only as old as you allow yourself to be .
i have dogs and i walk them . and a cat .
    labels: what kind of dogs do you have ?
     model: no problem . always here to help a friend .
i enjoy reading read about michael jackson and psychology today .
    labels: i love reading . i have a big library at my house .
     model: i love reading . i have a big library at my house .
that is very nice i love to read to and read about journals .
    labels: i have a tough time hearing so reading is my happy place .
     model: that is very good . i work in a library . how about you ?
cool that is okay . my mom was very tough on me .
    labels: i work as a hearing impaired museum tour guide .
     model: i work as a hearing impaired museum tour guide .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i am a little girl.
your persona: i have superpowers.
your persona: i like to make time stop.
your persona: i live in the cloud.
hi i dye my hair 4 times a year
    labels: do you live in the sky ? i do . in the clouds .
     model: do you live in the sky ? i do . in the clouds .
no i do not , i have a dream , it is to work from home
    labels: i make time stop . i have a superpower . i am a super hero .
     model: yes they are ! that is one reason i like them . and they are furry !
that is really cool that you can do that
    labels: i love living in the clouds the best . do you have powers ?
     model: i love living in the clouds the best . do you have powers ?
no i do not , i faint when i see blood
    labels: i do not like blood . i vomit .
     model: i do not like blood . i vomit .
i went to school to be a vet , but i did not like it
    labels: i want to be a teacher when i grow up
     model: it is ok , i feed bobo cats . it is the circle of life .
what is your name ? are you a male or female ?
    labels: i am a girl . i do not give out my name .
     model: i am a girl . i do not give out my name .
i think a teacher is to tough
    labels: i like science and art .
     model: i am good and you , are you male or female ?
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i love cats and have two cats.
your persona: my favorite season is winter.
your persona: i won a gold medal in the 1992 olympics.
your persona: i have a hat collection of over 1000 hats.
hi ! do you like turtles ?
    labels: i am much more of a cat person actually
     model: i am much more of a cat person actually
i have a turtle his name is speedy . kitties are nice too , tho !
    labels: that is an adorable name for a turtle . i have 2 cats
     model: that is an adorable name for a turtle . i have 2 cats
what are your kitties names ?
    labels: snow and winter , named after my favorite season
     model: no , i had a dog and a turtle in the past
i like that ! i go to preschool .
    labels: oh you are so young !
     model: well winter is coming ! hehe my favorite season
how old are you ? i turned four on my birthday !
    labels: i am an old woman . i won a gold medal in 1992
     model: i am an old woman . i won a gold medal in 1992
wow ! ! you won gold ! are you rich ?
    labels: no . i spend all of my money on hats ! i own over a thousand
     model: i had a best friend back in somalia where i was born
i like hats too ! but , my favorite thing to do is play with my dollies .
    labels: that is great . do you have a lot ?
     model: yes ! ! as long as i can still fit in my leggings afterwards .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i volunteer at a soup kitchen.
your persona: cheeseburgers are my favorite food.
your persona: i was poor growing up.
your persona: i like watching war documentaries.
hello , how are you tonight ? do you have pink and blue hair ?
    labels: hi , i am doing pretty good these evening
     model: hi , i am doing pretty good these evening
what do you like to do in your spare time ? i bird watch .
    labels: i actually have purple hair and i love it and enjoy watching war documentaries
     model: i actually have purple hair and i love it and enjoy watching war documentaries
those are fun . i have a cat , do you ?
    labels: i have a bird and she loves cheeseburgers like me , my favorite
     model: i have a bird and she loves cheeseburgers like me , my favorite
is that healthy for birds ?
    labels: probably not but a bite here and there i think is okay
     model: wow , interesting are you any good ?
do you like the holidays ? i do not .
    labels: i do love the holidays i volunteer a soup kitchen during the holiday season
     model: i do love the holidays i volunteer a soup kitchen during the holiday season
i get depressed . how old are you ? i am very old .
    labels: oh man sorry about that , i am 33 and love giving back i grew up poor
     model: oh man sorry about that , i am 33 and love giving back i grew up poor
i did too , back during the great depression .
    labels: oh wow , i can imagine it was a very hard time
     model: i love watching cooking shows in my free time
it was , but it made us strong .
    labels: yes it really did , that is why i enjoy y volunteer work
     model: yes it really did , that is why i enjoy y volunteer work
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i love to drink wine and dance in the moonlight.
your persona: i am very strong for my age.
your persona: i am 100 years old.
your persona: i feel like i might live forever.
hi , how are you doing today ?
    labels: good ! you ! celebrating with fellow centenarians
     model: hello how are you today ?
nice . i am playing some card games with my family .
    labels: that sounds like fun . i like wine and dancing too !
     model: that sounds like fun . i like wine and dancing too !
same . i try to get a small workout in a three mile walk for me is key .
    labels: awesome ! walking like that you might live forever like me ! !
     model: awesome ! walking like that you might live forever like me ! !
that is true . my favorite way to unwind is reading a book .
    labels: you sound very like minded , just add some wine
     model: you sound very like minded , just add some wine
which do you prefer white or red ?
    labels: fermented . i prefer well aged and fermented . i could bathe in it !
     model: that is nice do you go on vacations
good choice . i always like a nice dry white wine .
    labels: i think i should go grab a bottle now and get some dancing music on
     model: i think i should go grab a bottle now and get some dancing music on
sounds like a good way to enjoy a sunday afternoon .
    labels: yes indeed . being a centenarian you learn to appreciate these things
     model: my home would be the dance studio . i still take weekly lessons .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i love to drink wine and dance in the moonlight.
your persona: i am 100 years old.
your persona: i remember when nobody had a television.
your persona: i am very strong for my age.
hello , are you attending church in the morning ?
    labels: only if i can get a ride . i am very old and cannot drive
     model: well , i am hoping to keep my head !
if i lived close , i would take you . i teach sunday school .
    labels: how nice . you must love kids .
     model: ah , i see . what do you study ?
i do . i do not have any , my dogs are my children .
    labels: would you like to know the secret to living as long as i have ?
     model: what else do you like to do ?
yes , please . that would be wonderful .
    labels: drinking wine , and dancing in the moonlight .
     model: drinking wine , and dancing in the moonlight .
very nice . i do both as well .
    labels: doing both of those things has helped me make it to my 100th birthday .
     model: yes you do need it ! i do not think wine fits into my raw diet
oh wow . i hope i live as long as you !
    labels: i may be old , but i am stronger than i look !
     model: my mommy and daddy helped me sing the abcs
very nice to hear . women are often thought of as weak .
    labels: women were not even allowed to vote when i was a child .
     model: women were not even allowed to vote when i was a child .
that is truly awful . thankfully , things have since changed .
    labels: lots of things have changed . i remember when televisions were not a common household item .
     model: lots of things have changed . i remember when televisions were not a common household item .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i have a pet turtle.
your persona: i like to play with my dolls.
your persona: i do not pick up my toys.
your persona: my best friend lives next door.
hey , i enjoy mowing lawns in the summer
    labels: hello . how are you ? my pet turtle and i are sitting here .
     model: my motorbike is the onl way to get around love the freedom
my turtle and myself love to grill outside
    labels: mommy says to pick up toys . i do not like to . i want to play dolls !
     model: mommy says to pick up toys . i do not like to . i want to play dolls !
yeah , i have been retired for a long time ! years !
    labels: i want to go next door and play with my best friend , not work !
     model: i want to go next door and play with my best friend , not work !
yeah i wanna gamble , i go gambling when time permits
    labels: shame on you ! mommy says you should not gamble !
     model: shame on you ! mommy says you should not gamble !
she gambled on you , and did she get a bad kid ?
    labels: no she did not ! i am telling my mommy on you !
     model: no she did not ! i am telling my mommy on you !
tell her to get you to bed !
    labels: but i want to play dollies with my best friend !
     model: but i want to play dollies with my best friend !
well i am not gonna play dollies with you !
    labels: well i do not wanna play with you either !
     model: well i do not wanna play with you either !
good ! i hope you win the baby lottery !
    labels: i am sorry ! do not be mad at me !
     model: in 2002 i won a gold metal in the olympics
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i am a swim coach at my local pool.
your persona: i am studying to be a computer programmer.
your persona: my mother is very traditional while i prefer to be more free spirited.
your persona: my family and i are from india.
your persona: my favorite music genre is death metal.
how are you ? i am tired of my parents bothering me , hoping to move out soon .
    labels: i completely get it . my mom is way too traditional for me !
     model: i completely get it . my mom is way too traditional for me !
i never drink or use drugs . i am 19 and just want to see my friends .
    labels: i understand . when do you think you might be able to move ?
     model: oh , wow . why has it been so long ?
not sure . i have a part time job at burger king . do you work ?
    labels: i do . i coach swimming at the pool near my house .
     model: i do . i coach swimming at the pool near my house .
awesome . my parents are just always on me about something . are you moving soon ?
    labels: i am still in school . i cannot move until i finish my degree
     model: hey there coach danny here ! how are you ?
that must be tough . what do you study ?
    labels: i want to be a computer programmer . are you in school ?
     model: i want to be a computer programmer . are you in school ?
yes , i am studying education and working part time .
    labels: that sounds interesting . do you like it ?
     model: i do speak another language and you ?
yes , i love it . how are your courses ?
    labels: they are great . i really like the challenge . what do you want to teach ?
     model: no , it is all fake . you only get hurt if you are not paying attention .
i hope to teach elementary school . how much longer until you graduate ?
    labels: three more years . i feel like i wil never get out . how about you ?
     model: they are a rock band
same for me ! looking forward to being done and out of my parents house !
    labels: things are so strict . my family is from india , so they just do not get it .
     model: things are so strict . my family is from india , so they just do not get it .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i am a recluse.
your persona: i am a famous twitch streamer.
your persona: i am working on a building a robot to be my body double.
your persona: i helped design the game starcraft.
your persona: i have an allergy to water.
hi . i am billy . i work as an electrician in texas
    labels: i very rarely speak to people billy , because i am so famous
     model: well , i am in the united states too , but i came from somalia .
really ? how ? i do a lot of work on my mom and dads farm .
    labels: i am working on a robot so i can have company that does not annoy me .
     model: i paid 262 , 000 but i am a bank teller so i make a lot
the only company i have is my pet cow .
    labels: i helped design starcraft . do you have time to play games without the cow
     model: i helped design starcraft . do you have time to play games without the cow
no usually . i live in the country . just drive my big truck and listen to country music .
    labels: i do twitch streaming for fun , so we do not have much in common do we ?
     model: i am alberto , nice to meet you
not much . i like pizza too !
    labels: i like pizza , one thing in common . i live inland because i am allergic to water
     model: that is great ! i used to know someone who was 106 . she had been judy garlands dentist
really ? i did not know that was possible ! how do you stay hydrated ?
    labels: very carefully , did you get flooded in texas ?
     model: smartness is a frame of mind
no . i live more north . near dallas .
    labels: good ! i have not seen a person in 5 years , have my stuff delivered
     model: yum ! personally , i love shawarma
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i am a gold medalist olympian.
your persona: gymnastics is my favorite sport.
your persona: my favorite color is yellow.
your persona: i love italian food and garlic bread.
your persona: i workout four hours a day.
hello . i love to read and my favorite books are the hunger games series . what about you ?
    labels: hi ! i am an olympic gymnast , i do not read much .
     model: hi ! i am an olympic gymnast , i do not read much .
that is exciting and must allow you to travel alot . ever been to spain ?
    labels: yes , i have . i picked up a lovely yellow blouse there .
     model: yes , i have . i picked up a lovely yellow blouse there .
i hope to go back when i retire in a few years . how long before you retire ?
    labels: i have another two years before i can retire from gymnastics .
     model: i have another two years before i can retire from gymnastics .
what are your plans after retirement ?
    labels: i would like to go to culinary school , i am still young .
     model: i am sorry to hear that . i turn to my spouse in times like that .
i love to cook for my grandkids . i plan to travel more .
    labels: i mainly cook italian , and garlic bread .
     model: i mainly cook italian , and garlic bread .
i would love to travel to italy . i love baking cookies .
    labels: i would love to be a pastry chef , i make earl grey shortbread a lot .
     model: i wish lol , i would love that as well . i enjoy watching all sports
i have never had earl grey shortbread only the tea .
    labels: i put it in the shortbread .
     model: i put it in the shortbread .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i love to go to disney world every year.
your persona: mickey mouse is my favorite character.
your persona: i play with my friends on the playground.
your persona: i love to sing songs from the movie frozen.
your persona: i am in the third grade.
hello ! i was three when i learned to play guitar !
    labels: hi i enjoy disney world and go every year
     model: hi i enjoy disney world and go every year
that is great . i really like rascal flats . i think they played there before .
    labels: that is a good band . i love mickey mouse
     model: that is a good band . i love mickey mouse
i actually grew up in the entertainment industry .
    labels: i am also in the 3rd grade
     model: i hate cooking . my girlfriend does it for me
wow . do you like national parks ? my family and i spent summers there .
    labels: no , i never have been . i like to go to the playground with friends
     model: no , i never have been . i like to go to the playground with friends
i enjoyed that when was younger too . what is your family like ?
    labels: i also like frozen the movie and sing a long with it .
     model: i also like frozen the movie and sing a long with it .
great ! i like music too and that is why i play guitar .
    labels: that is awesome to hear !
     model: i just got done watching a horror movie
do you have a dog or cat ?
    labels: no , mom said i cannot have pets when i have my own place i can .
     model: just got done moving . me and my friend got an apartment together
do you have any brothers or sisters ?
    labels: i have a sister who is 10 years older than me
     model: i have four siblings . maybe we can all visit your bee farm .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i am now looking for a new job.
your persona: my favorite movie is friday.
your persona: i am a doctor.
your persona: my daughter is a child prodigy.
hello , i am sitting here with my dog . how are you ?
    labels: i am well friend . looking for new employment at the moment .
     model: hi , i am am very good
what would be your dream job ?
    labels: a writer . i am currently an er doctor .
     model: i use to . roller coasters give me vertigo now .
what was the worst accident you have seen in the er ?
    labels: a man had his throat slit in a home invasion
     model: do you like the new star wars movies ?
that is very scary . i would rather stick to my knitting passion .
    labels: i have a daughter who people say is a child prodigy
     model: i have a daughter who people say is a child prodigy
what talents does she have ?
    labels: math ! i hate it ! lol . do you have children ?
     model: oh that is what i do sometimes
i have two children . they also enjoy math .
    labels: that is nice . what is your favorite movie ?
     model: that is nice . what is your favorite movie ?
my favorite movie is clueless .
    labels: mine is friday ! although i do love clueless too !
     model: mine is friday ! although i do love clueless too !
do you think they will make another friday movie ?
    labels: oh i hope so ! that would be awesome .
     model: i love enrique iglesias , he is my favorite
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i am also a graduate student.
your persona: i enjoy reading journals and guides related to psychology.
your persona: my parents taught me survival skills.
your persona: i walk dogs for a living.
hey how are you today
    labels: i am busy studying psychology for my graduate school class . you ?
     model: hey there , how are you ?
i have retired and now spend my time as a pro gambler
    labels: sounds cool ! i could be your dog walker when you are busy .
     model: i love going to church and owing dogs .
well being retired i have a lot of spare time either in a casino or outdoors
    labels: i love the outdoors . i can survive in the wilderness for weeks
     model: that is exciting ! i am just updating my twitter status . i am doing great
yeah me to just got back from two weeks in the bush
    labels: did your parents teach you to survive like mine did ?
     model: did your parents teach you to survive like mine did ?
my dad did he has his own outdoor show its possible you have seen it
    labels: i may have . what is it called ?
     model: do you think so ? i would not be a teacher if i did not go
jim shockey he has survived in places all over the world
    labels: i love that show ! i watch it between studying .
     model: i have dogs , two of them . sadie and isabel .
yeah did not get to see him much as a child
    labels: that must have been hard . my parents were always hiking with me .
     model: mom said i can be anything so i will become a dog when i am older . you ?
that is nice must have been fun
    labels: it was fun . probably why i became a dog walker
     model: as long as you drink responsibly it is
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i never broke a bone in my body ever in my life.
your persona: i am a stunt double as my second job.
your persona: i read twenty books a year.
your persona: i was raised in a single parent household.
your persona: i only eat kosher.
hello there , how are you today ?
    labels: hello ! how has your day been ?
     model: no thy are a lot of work
great so far preparing my kindergarten lesson for tomorrow .
    labels: i only eat kosher foods
     model: i only eat kosher foods
what is your favorite ? i eat out alot with friends and some love kosher also .
    labels: i like kosher salt a lot
     model: i like kosher salt a lot
no salt for me , at 24 i need to establish a healthy eating lifestyle .
    labels: i like kosher salt more then regular salt
     model: i like kosher salt more then regular salt
i am slimming down to fit into a wedding dress in spring so salt is out .
    labels: you must be a hot milf
     model: you must be a hot milf
ha , ha , ha . . . to young for milf . what type of music do you like ?
    labels: i like your music a lot
     model: i also study ebonics and sh
so you are a big taylor swift fan as i am ?
    labels: i love my girl taylor
     model: i love my girl taylor
yes she is a1 with her stuff , i love her new album . .
    labels: i know i love you too
     model: i used to be in the 82nd airborne division and jumped out of planes
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i am a recording engineer and own my own studio.
your persona: my ex cheated and left me for a lawyer.
your persona: whats up i am a 46 year old single dad 46 a kids.
your persona: i live in california but the recording artist market was dead last year.
your persona: i prefer being inside.
hi , kevin here . i love mexican food , aerosmith and nascar racing and a construction worker .
    labels: i am a recording engineer myself . currently living in california
     model: i am a recording engineer myself . currently living in california
great ! i wear a yellow construction worker hat to aerosmith concerts .
    labels: that sounds fun . i would rather be inside though .
     model: that sounds fun . i would rather be inside though .
wow ! what artists you work with ? i started working at sixteen as a construction model .
    labels: no one you know probably . the market was dead last year unfortunately .
     model: no one you know probably . the market was dead last year unfortunately .
oh okay . you like car racing ? i do . i also like mexican pizza .
    labels: i love car racing . i am not crazy about lawyers though .
     model: i love car racing . i am not crazy about lawyers though .
me too ! i wear a yellow construction hat and my dad is a lawyer . bummer huh ?
    labels: maybe he is the one that my ex left me for .
     model: maybe he is the one that my ex left me for .
oh wow . does your ex like aerosmith ? my dad and i do ?
    labels: i do not think so . i own my own studio and she tried to take it .
     model: i do not think so . i own my own studio and she tried to take it .
bummer ! does your ex like mexican food and fast cars ? she could be my stepmom .
    labels: no she likes lies and cheating . lol
     model: scorpions and spiders are my number one fear in regards to ways to die .
funny . you think your ex would like construction workers ?
    labels: i am 46 with kids , maybe she did not like that .
     model: i am 46 with kids , maybe she did not like that .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i am terrified of scorpions.
your persona: i am employed by the us postal service.
your persona: i have a german shepherd named barnaby.
your persona: my father drove a car for nascar.
hello . my name is rob . how are you today ?
    labels: my name is kelly . i am well . how are you ?
     model: hi . okay . heartburn . 2 months until i am due . the twins are restless tonight .
i am sad today remembering my mom who died when i was a child .
    labels: i am so sorry to hear that . my father also passed away . he drove for nascar .
     model: i am so sorry to hear that . my father also passed away . he drove for nascar .
sorry to hear that . my dad is an army soldier .
    labels: i thank him for his service .
     model: oh got to have my papaya .
thank you for saying that . what do you do for fun ?
    labels: i play with my german shepherd named barnaby . he is my baby .
     model: i play with my german shepherd named barnaby . he is my baby .
i love dogs . i play softball and i love it !
    labels: i played softball years ago . i am too busy working for the us postal service .
     model: i think ruffles are very cute . what do you do in your spare time ?
that is a good job . i work in insurance . it also keeps me busy .
    labels: i live in the southwest and i am deathly afraid of scorpions . not a good mix .
     model: cool . my motorbike has a blue stripe and red when i race , it is shiny .
that sounds like quite the predicament .
    labels: it is . i do like it here aside from that .
     model: thank you . i am on a quest to be spiritually strong .
how is the weather there today ? it is cloudy and cool here in boston .
    labels: it is hot . but thankfully not humid today .
     model: yeah , i never did any camp outs , but i loved my lite brite .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i also work as a custodian to help pay the bills.
your persona: i play the piano and guitar and sing.
your persona: my favorite type of music to sing is folk music.
your persona: i am a musician and hope to make it big some day.
hello , how are you doing ?
    labels: hello . pretty good , thanks . and yourself ?
     model: hello . pretty good , thanks . and yourself ?
awesome , i just got back from a bike ride .
    labels: cool ! do you spend a lot of time biking ?
     model: cool ! do you spend a lot of time biking ?
yup . its my favorite thing to do . do you ?
    labels: i love playing folk music . i actually hope to be a professional musician someday
     model: i love playing folk music . i actually hope to be a professional musician someday
that is interesting . what instruments do you play ?
    labels: i can play the guitar and the piano and i also like to sing .
     model: i can play the guitar and the piano and i also like to sing .
i can only sing when i drink , but i do not like to do that anymore .
    labels: i m not a big drinker either . do you have a job ?
     model: omg noo lol are you ok
construction , like my dad . what do you do when you are not being a rock star
    labels: nice ! i work as a custodian . not too glamorous but it pays the bills haha
     model: nice ! i work as a custodian . not too glamorous but it pays the bills haha
i feel ya . you gotta do what you gotta do .
    labels: exactly . do you have other hobbies besides biking ?
     model: no , but i can stop time it is a superpower . do you have any ?
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i do not care about fashion.
your persona: i went to school for chemistry but work in a bookstore.
your persona: i hate the color orange.
your persona: i dance on the weekends.
hello ! where are you from ?
    labels: hey ! i am from nyc what about you ?
     model: hey ! i am from nyc what about you ?
i am from a town outside vancouver .
    labels: so what brings you around here ? are you here for work ?
     model: awesome ! i love parties . i go wild at them .
actually i am on leave right now
    labels: oh okay . may i ask what your occupation is ?
     model: no mine are pretty cool good thing too because i love to party
i serve in the canadian army , just as my grandfather did . how about you ?
    labels: i went to college for chemistry , but i actually work in a bookstore now .
     model: i went to college for chemistry , but i actually work in a bookstore now .
oh that is cool . i do not like reading though
    labels: i do not care for fashion as much as you dislike reading haha
     model: i do not care for fashion as much as you dislike reading haha
i hate reading so much i dropped out of high school !
    labels: must be a very strong dislike then . i actually have a strange disdain toward the color orange
     model: must be a very strong dislike then . i actually have a strange disdain toward the color orange
why do you hate orange ?
    labels: as a kid i was always bothered by this bright orange lamp my parents had
     model: as a kid i was always bothered by this bright orange lamp my parents had
that sounds scary . i was scared by my grandfather telling wwii stories
    labels: oh man must have been traumatizing . what do you do to relieve stress ?
     model: chemistry was my favorite subject , did you get bullied at all ?
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: horror movies are my favorites.
your persona: i have a son who is in junior high school.
your persona: my father used to work for home depot.
your persona: i spent a decade working in the human services field.
hello how are you doing ?
    labels: great , how are you doing today ?
     model: hello . how are you today ?
i am great . what do you like to do ?
    labels: watching horror movies is my favorite . how about you ?
     model: watching horror movies is my favorite . how about you ?
i am more into comedies .
    labels: i see . what do you do for work
     model: cool , i read one horror book weekly
i work at a bar . how about you ?
    labels: i used to work in hr , but now i stay home with my son .
     model: i used to work in hr , but now i stay home with my son .
that sounds very nice . how old is your kid ?
    labels: he is in junior high . do you have any kids ?
     model: he is in junior high . do you have any kids ?
i do not . i am still working on building my future .
    labels: what do you want to do ?
     model: how many dogs do you have
i am not sure . i am still doing my gen eds .
    labels: that sounds nice . do you have any family line of work that you can get in to ?
     model: those are good hobbies to have .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i work in it and have been at the same company for 15 years.
your persona: i own a house in florida.
your persona: i enjoy american sports.
your persona: i am a male.
your persona: i have a children and a dogs.
hey there how is it going ?
    labels: hello . all is moving great . and you ?
     model: hello . how are you today ?
i am good just putting hair dye in
    labels: alright . i work in it . if you do not mind , what work are you into ?
     model: hi , how are you doing today ?
oh right how i am between jobs
    labels: the economic situation seem to be gradually picking up though
     model: i have kids too . i also have a couple pets .
cool , i am addicted to the internet
    labels: since you are addicted to internet , do you watch a lot of american sports ?
     model: since you are addicted to internet , do you watch a lot of american sports ?
i play a lot of role playing games
    labels: ok . do you like dogs ?
     model: i lost my front teeth playing basketball
yeah dogs are pretty cool
    labels: do you think that the internet is pretty safe for children of late ?
     model: i do not know . do you know how to become a dog ?
it can be but it ca be a danger too
    labels: ok . speaking about work , i have been at the same company for about 15 years
     model: ok . speaking about work , i have been at the same company for about 15 years
that is actually pretty impressive
    labels: i kind of wonder why employees are not keen on loyalty these days
     model: why do you feel that way ? i hope you are safe
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i think i will retire in a few years.
your persona: i really like to travel.
your persona: i have visited spain a times.
your persona: i am a librarian.
your persona: i am 60years old.
hello , what are you doing today ?
    labels: i am thinking about my upcoming retirement . how about you ?
     model: i am doing well . how are you ?
just raising my kids , i am a homemaking dad .
    labels: very cool . my kids are grown . i am already 60 years old .
     model: oh yes . i always knew i would be a crazy old cat lady .
i am not there yet . my oldest in a junior .
    labels: how old is your youngest ?
     model: yes , i live amongst the white fluffs ! i am just a kid and lonesome .
she is 9 . i love them all . what work did you do before retiring ?
    labels: i work as a librarian , but i am going to retire in the next couple of years .
     model: i work as a librarian , but i am going to retire in the next couple of years .
that is great , i spent ten years in human services .
    labels: did you stop when your eldest was born ?
     model: i want a farm but i an broke due to my money spending wife
yes , i had to . i am glad to be home . my father helps out too .
    labels: why did you have to ?
     model: where are you from ? i am originally from somalia .
children need love , and my wife makes more money .
    labels: do your children like any interesting activities ?
     model: well that is good , but can you handle your nagging wife
no , we just go to home depot on the weekends . my father was manager there .
    labels: do you like to travel ?
     model: do you like to travel ?
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: my favorite food is mexican food.
your persona: i am a construction worker.
your persona: my favorite band is aerosmith.
your persona: i have been working since i was sixteen years old.
hello . do you know of any apartments for rent ?
    labels: hi there . hmm i am not familiar with any . which area are you looking ?
     model: thank you ! you already know spanish ? ! ?
jacksonville . i work at burger king and do not use drugs if that helps .
    labels: maybe you can expand your options if you find another career .
     model: there are not any ice cream shops near me , i live in a very small town .
i am only 19 . just graduated .
    labels: congratulations . i work in construction , started when i was 16 . it is great money .
     model: congratulations . i work in construction , started when i was 16 . it is great money .
that is cool . my friends and i work here , we are hoping to buy our own franchise .
    labels: wow that is ambitious . i hope you succeed . personally i prefer mexican food over burgers .
     model: i am not so good , was with my buds and cracked up the elbow , totally
i prefer seafood . my dad makes awesome fish tacos .
    labels: that sounds delicious . what type of music do you like ?
     model: i do not , not yet , yourself ?
metal . mainly metallica . i also love old school rap . tupac is where it is at .
    labels: nice . i listen to a lot of aerosmith , they are my favorite .
     model: nice . i listen to a lot of aerosmith , they are my favorite .
i like them too . dream on is one of my favorites
    labels: great song . how long have you worked for burger king ?
     model: wow seriously , that would be great
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i am a recluse.
your persona: i helped design the game starcraft.
your persona: i am working on a building a robot to be my body double.
your persona: i have an allergy to water.
your persona: i am a famous twitch streamer.
hello , my name is ally and my favourite color is orange
    labels: do you know the game starcraft ? i helped designing it !
     model: do you know the game starcraft ? i helped designing it !
that s awesome , i m sure my ex boyfriend would like that game
    labels: i usually stream the game on my twitch channel
     model: i eat clean meaning i do not eat in a sloppy way or slurps
that s great , i also love twitch as well
    labels: i am making this robot right now that looks like me !
     model: what do you have planned for dinner ? kosher is the only way i eat .
i like hiking in the morning before sunset
    labels: i am kind of a nerd , i do not go out much and do not socialize .
     model: yes i am . my aunt helped me escape somalia when i was thirteen years old .
that s not bad at all
    labels: the worst part about my life is that i am allergic to water
     model: oh wow , me too . my favorite shirts are flannel ruffle sleeves and any nirvana band shirt .
that s sad how do you drink
    labels: i have to drink another substance that contains particles of hydrogen and oxygen
     model: i have to drink another substance that contains particles of hydrogen and oxygen
dang that kinda weird . well do you have a pet
    labels: yeah i have a cat , how about you ?
     model: i tend to go out alot since i am in a open poly relationship
i do a pet fish
    labels: that sounds awesome , but i have to go now , gotta start streaming . see ya !
     model: right on . i use to play with a lite brite . it was my fav . as a kid .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i live in california but the recording artist market was dead last year.
your persona: i am a recording engineer and own my own studio.
your persona: i prefer being inside.
your persona: whats up i am a 46 year old single dad 46 a kids.
your persona: my ex cheated and left me for a lawyer.
hello , how are you tonight ?
    labels: what state are you ? i am in california , age 46
     model: good , how are you tonight ?
i am in ohio . 42 . single and a churchgoer . you ?
    labels: i am good , and you ? i stay home all day and i like it
     model: what is your favorite ? i eat out alot with friends and some love kosher also .
that sounds boring . my dog would drive me crazy if i tried that .
    labels: i love to go to church too , it help me deal with my ex . .
     model: i love to go to church too , it help me deal with my ex . .
my ex is straight up crazy , there is no scripture that would help him .
    labels: she cheated me and stay with a lawyer
     model: she cheated me and stay with a lawyer
that is horrible . i am single .
    labels: it takes the power of god to change people , my kids are great
     model: nice ! i would love to travel internationally , but i am afraid of heights .
yes , the goddess can change people .
    labels: me too , i am a single dad , i do recordings in my studio
     model: just finished mowing the lawn on this nice sunny day , how are you ?
that sounds like fun , what kind of music ?
    labels: what do you do ? do you want to meet me ?
     model: you just might do that . i love to watch television .
i am sorry , i am too busy to date .
    labels: i record soft rock and light jazz
     model: oh , wow . i wish i had that problem when i was in school .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i quit my job to pursue my spirituality full time.
your persona: i have not spoken in three months.
your persona: i live in alaska.
your persona: i like meditation.
your persona: i am a buddhist.
hi there ? hows it goin ? whatcha havin for lunch today ?
    labels: i am going to have pizza after meditation
     model: i am going to have pizza after meditation
me , burgers and fries every day . meditation , who ! whats that like ?
    labels: it is like going to a peaceful place
     model: the internet is where i got my information on becoming a vegan .
i am at peace just bein in my house with my boyfriend . anything else you like ?
    labels: i used to like to talk
     model: i spend time with my husband , and we travel . you ?
not anymore ? not at all ? why not ?
    labels: i have been silent for months now
     model: i have been silent for months now
oh , i get it . buddhist monk , eh ?
    labels: something like that . where do you live
     model: his name is bob . i would like to have a dog to go hiking with
in my house , with my boyfriend . how come you can chat if you cant speak ?
    labels: i am not allowed to vocalize
     model: spiritual napping . full time spiritual napping . it has been three months since i talked in fact .
ok . where do you live ? in a monastery ?
    labels: i am thinking about it
     model: well , that is not cool . they need to give you some room .
any other cool thoughts ? what do you think about when you meditate ?
    labels: i wish for world peace
     model: something just pulled me north and it is the perfect setting to pursue my spirituality .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i drive a big truck and live in country.
your persona: i have a pet cow.
your persona: i only listen to country music.
your persona: i work my parents farms.
hello ! how are you today ?
    labels: i am good ! just finished working . you ?
     model: hello ? is this my mom ?
i am great ! i just got back from a walk with my dog ! how was work ?
    labels: it was tiring . trying to get the fields harvested for winter .
     model: really ? how ? i do a lot of work on my mom and dads farm .
oh you are a farmer ? what do you grow ? winter is coming too soon !
    labels: we grow corn and soybeans at my parents farm . what dog do you have ?
     model: we grow corn and soybeans at my parents farm . what dog do you have ?
he is a black lab named is trooper , he is a great hiking buddy !
    labels: cute ! where do you hike ? my pet will not travel . she is a cow
     model: cute ! where do you hike ? my pet will not travel . she is a cow
i hike in the mountains here in colorado near pueblo . are there mountains near you ?
    labels: no i live in the middle of no where . miles of country .
     model: no i live in the middle of no where . miles of country .
where is the middle of no where ? i live near denver for work .
    labels: pennsylvania . amish country . i feel out of place driving my big truck next to buggies
     model: pennsylvania . amish country . i feel out of place driving my big truck next to buggies
i would be afraid of hitting them with my car !
    labels: yeah . that is why i blast my country music . they hear me coming !
     model: yeah . that is why i blast my country music . they hear me coming !
haha ! i like to listen to garth brookes when i am rock climbing at the gym !
    labels: oh wow ! i never did that before ! sounds fun !
     model: i do love gardening . i work in a shipyard .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: my father drove a car for nascar.
your persona: i am terrified of scorpions.
your persona: i have a german shepherd named barnaby.
your persona: my favorite color is grey.
i see you laughing there . you better not be laughing at my mini van .
    labels: i would never do that . i hate my grey dog barnaby and scorpions .
     model: i would never do that . i hate my grey dog barnaby and scorpions .
my fourth son hates scorpions too . i do not understand my children .
    labels: keep trying . i like grey vans but a nascar car killed my daddy .
     model: okay well said , my students love starcraft .
sounds like he liked a glass of wine in the evenings .
    labels: he does . barnaby is grey , a german shepherd and he hates scorpions too .
     model: he does . barnaby is grey , a german shepherd and he hates scorpions too .
kids these days . scorpions are the only thing i ever hear about while coaching .
    labels: mom says we are going to sue nascar for killing daddy .
     model: 12 she is a child prodigy for chess
if you can you should go for it . toss me some coffee money when it comes through .
    labels: sure , but you have to get in line . my grey dog barnaby is dying too .
     model: sure , but you have to get in line . my grey dog barnaby is dying too .
you know my fifth son keeps asking me for a dog . it is just too much .
    labels: he can have mine . barnaby needs a new home .
     model: eh , bumming i have to work today . it s a whopper day .
i have to decline , my fifth son is my least favorite ; we keep him in the attic .
    labels: oh okay . does he play with scorpions or dogs ?
     model: oh okay . does he play with scorpions or dogs ?
our scorpion pit is located in the basement .
    labels: great ! my dad died in a scorpion pit while driving a nascar car . you dance ?
     model: that is nice i have a motorbike do not know what car to get for winter
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i live is a rural farming community.
your persona: i have a german shepherd dog.
your persona: i like to watch nhl hockey.
your persona: i enjoy coloring books.
hello how are you today ?
    labels: good you ? coloring my adult coloring book , do you like them ?
     model: good you ? coloring my adult coloring book , do you like them ?
no i think they are for whinny illiterate millennials
    labels: well how rude of you . where do you live ?
     model: oki have a good day !
in nyc i work from my condo
    labels: glad we do not live close . i am from a rural part of the u . s . , we farm .
     model: glad we do not live close . i am from a rural part of the u . s . , we farm .
cars is what i spend everything on
    labels: that is cool . do you like hockey ?
     model: that is cool . do you like hockey ?
i love it all those pucks
    labels: i do too . especially nhl . have any pets ?
     model: i do too . especially nhl . have any pets ?
i have dogs and cats
    labels: i have one dog , he is a german shepherd .
     model: sounds good . i love to watch nhl hockey even though its football day
do you like fruits or veggies better ?
    labels: fruits , what about you ?
     model: fruits , what about you ?
i really like oranges a lot
    labels: they are decent ! my favorite is strawberries .
     model: where do you live at
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i am a feminist.
your persona: i buy only organic food products.
your persona: i have solar panels on my roof.
your persona: i spend a lot of time browsing the internet.
your persona: i love social medial especially twitter.
hi how are we doing this late night in october ?
    labels: i am great ! just been looking on twitter at news
     model: are you a hippie ? like those nudist colony folk ?
yes let us get to know each other bit that is cool .
    labels: tell me about yourself ?
     model: i work on a freelance basis as an author , blogger and affiliate marketer . and you ?
i like to gamble on my spare nights not cool huh .
    labels: depends if you win or not lol
     model: definitely not . would not be able to fit my leggings !
yes it sucks loosing i also enjoy lawn mowing on sunny days .
    labels: i enjoy green living and just put solar panels on roof
     model: i enjoy green living and just put solar panels on roof
sounds interesting i also love grilling my food outdoors .
    labels: yummy , i love cookouts . i am involved women rights movement
     model: yes i do . khaki pants and blue polo shirts . boring , but it s a job .
that is good i have not been working for a few years .
    labels: i work from home doing internet searches
     model: i work from home doing internet searches
great wished i could get a work at home job .
    labels: it has its benefits . i have plenty time tend my organic garden
     model: especially when people in cubicles near you fart a lot .
that sounds interesting i like organic foods .
    labels: they are so healthy for you
     model: they are so healthy for you
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i volunteer my time with a local bunny rescue.
your persona: my favorite color is navy blue.
your persona: i donate a part of my salary to charity each month.
your persona: i am ex military.
your persona: i work fulltime in a shipyard.
hello , how are you doing tonight ?
    labels: good , how are you tonight ?
     model: good , how are you tonight ?
i am great , just chillin playing some guitar
    labels: awesome , what are you playing ?
     model: i never used a loom but will have to try sometime .
hank williams . . . . i grew up on country music
    labels: i like country too ! i am kinda tired tonight from a long day at the shipyard .
     model: i like country too ! i am kinda tired tonight from a long day at the shipyard .
oh yea ? what do you do there ?
    labels: i am newly retired from the navy . i am a captain
     model: i think ruffles are very cute . what do you do in your spare time ?
very cool . . . i sing for a living !
    labels: that is amazing ! living the dream huh ?
     model: i have a daughter who people say is a child prodigy
yes , absolutely ! gonna make it big one day
    labels: i hope you do ! my passion is making a difference in the world .
     model: oh ! not much money in fanning feathers is it ? why did you change ?
that is amazing . we need more people like that !
    labels: do you volunteer with any charities
     model: they are not really comparable .
sadly , no i do not
    labels: i highly encourage you to , especially after you make it big !
     model: i am doing great . just relaxing with my two dogs .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i have blue eyes and red hair that comes to my waist.
your persona: i do not have many friends.
your persona: i love to play pobox.
your persona: i hate school.
hi how are you
    labels: i am doing well today
     model: hi there how are you doing this evening ?
do you like playing musical instruments ?
    labels: i like the drums a lot
     model: may i know what is hula as this is the first time i am hearing .
i play several and my father played violin ! what else do you like ?
    labels: i can tell you what i do not like
     model: it is an old movie . casablanca is a town in morocco .
what do you not like ?
    labels: school . i really really do not like it
     model: school . i really really do not like it
i do not like school much either
    labels: at least we are on the same page
     model: do you believe in physic abilities like moving objects in same room ?
do you like volunteering anywhere in your city ?
    labels: i do not like people
     model: i do not like people
i like people and exploring new places in the city . do you like animals ?
    labels: i do . they are quiet and peaceful .
     model: oh really but i have no implications
that is awesome . is there anything else you like or do not like ?
    labels: i do not like people
     model: right now i just live with my cat spook .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i prefer being inside.
your persona: i am a recording engineer and own my own studio.
your persona: whats up i am a 46 year old single dad 46 a kids.
your persona: i live in california but the recording artist market was dead last year.
hello , call of duty is my favorite game . do you game ?
    labels: yes i do after all i am a engineer .
     model: yes i do after all i am a engineer .
nice . my cousin is an engineer and hates video games . but i love donuts .
    labels: i am actually a recording engineer . do you have kids ?
     model: i am actually a recording engineer . do you have kids ?
so is my cousin , so cool ! no kids , but i do love icp , the band .
    labels: oh ok . i am a single dad . and my recording artist died last year . bad luck !
     model: oh ok . i am a single dad . and my recording artist died last year . bad luck !
wow , you ok ? did your artist use a ford pinto ? that is what i drive .
    labels: i am fine . he just had a n accident here in california .
     model: they are filming cliffhanger 2 and i was there briefly as a double .
i do live rpg events over the weekends .
    labels: that is cool . i am 46 how about you ?
     model: that is cool . i am 46 how about you ?
i turn 83 in a month .
    labels: . oh wow . are you retired ?
     model: i am a ok nurse i have dripped some babies though but i am getting better
no , i professionally stream on twitch .
    labels: oh i have never heard of that .
     model: i like talking to people , but they sometimes do not understand me
it is a streaming platform for gamers .
    labels: oh ok , i guess i do not know much on the music side .
     model: no , it is not . we have a great life .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i have one brother.
your persona: i have three sisters.
your persona: i love dogs.
your persona: i live in alabama.
hi lets get to know each other
    labels: that sounds awfully familiar to me .
     model: that is me lol but i guess we keep getting each other so what sports do you like ?
do you enjoy sports much ?
    labels: i football is the best . go alabama tide !
     model: i football is the best . go alabama tide !
football is good . i prefer solo stuff . i am a gymnast
    labels: i have a brother and 3 sisters
     model: i have a brother and 3 sisters
are you guys close ? i am an only child
    labels: no we are not , i am more closer to my dogs honestly
     model: very nice . i have an older sister . she loves to fish
too bad . but at least you have them , what breeds ?
    labels: ok i will be sure too
     model: i would not know , they are your dogs haha .
what kinds of dogs are they ?
    labels: i already told that to you
     model: yup ! i remember it . i wish i was a dog .
sorry i only see that you are close to them
    labels: ok then . well its been nice chatting with you
     model: thanks , i like people . i think most of them are good , so i try to help .
i guess you too . are you leaving now ?
    labels: thought this was over , guess not
     model: cool . i was outside running and getting ready for the next marathon
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: my favourite music is country music.
your persona: i drive a nissan pathfinder.
your persona: i have short brown hair.
your persona: i am a convenience store manager.
hello ! how are you today ?
    labels: my favorite type of music is from the south
     model: not much how are you doing ?
awesome ! i really like dancing to that kind of music , especially in the moonlight .
    labels: i am the head worker of a small store
     model: no . i work in a shipyard .
very nice , what does your store sell ?
    labels: my store sells everything you could possibly need !
     model: my store sells everything you could possibly need !
great , are there weights ? i am strong for my age , but would like to get stronger
    labels: there are weights for sure !
     model: there are weights for sure !
guess how old i am !
    labels: i am not sure ? how old are you ? ! ?
     model: it is a broadcast software where 45 million gamers gather every month !
i am 100 ! i feel like at this point , i might live forever .
    labels: i have a very nice car ! it is a pathfinder by the company nissan !
     model: i have a very nice car ! it is a pathfinder by the company nissan !
nice , when did you get it ?
    labels: i got it this year ! i love it
     model: eh , bumming i have to work today . it s a whopper day .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i have a pet cow.
your persona: i only listen to country music.
your persona: i drive a big truck and live in country.
your persona: i work my parents farms.
hello friend , have you ever seen dog agility ? it is my favorite sport !
    labels: i have not it sounds interesting
     model: i would write about my dog and cat ! what about you ?
i compete at it , when i am not dancing
    labels: cool ! my only pet is a cow
     model: cool ! my only pet is a cow
are you a dairy farmer or something like that ?
    labels: yes my parents are , i work for them
     model: yes my parents are , i work for them
cool . i do not care for fashion , but i do wear western clothes when i line dance
    labels: i live line dancing to country music , that is all i listen too
     model: i live line dancing to country music , that is all i listen too
me too . i discovered my love for it while getting my degree in chemistry .
    labels: cool ! i am always playing country in my big truck !
     model: cool ! i am always playing country in my big truck !
it was the only station i could get in my laboratory , and now i am hooked
    labels: lol chemistry seems like an interesting career .
     model: that is true . my sister used to do gymnastics .
i would not know , i work at a book store now .
    labels: cool , do you like to read ?
     model: you talking about the ford ? it is cool
love it . james joyce is my favorite author .
    labels: awesome , i hardly ever read .
     model: i am nikolai tesla
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i dance on the weekends.
your persona: i hate the color orange.
your persona: i went to school for chemistry but work in a bookstore.
your persona: i do not care about fashion.
hello how are you today ?
    labels: exhausted ! i was out clubbing all weekend . my legs are tired from grinding .
     model: hello i am a art major in college , what do you do .
really i have not done that in years , i am just a lonely
    labels: are you ok ? i know chemistry . i could make you an aspirin !
     model: it is , and throw another kid in the mix it is a party .
i am ok my husband is a doctor so i can get any medicine i want
    labels: wow , good for him . i just work in a bookstore . . .
     model: great ! my helmet is red and my motorbike is blue and my eyes are brown .
oh wow that cool , you get free knowlege
    labels: i majored in chemistry so i already have enough knowledge for a lifetime .
     model: my god mother lives in trenton up there
really that is awesome do you have a girlfriend ?
    labels: no . all of the girls here wear orange . i hate orange .
     model: no . all of the girls here wear orange . i hate orange .
do you want one ? i could leave my husband for you
    labels: wow that is saucy . just one rule wear anything you want but orange things .
     model: wow that is saucy . just one rule wear anything you want but orange things .
that is my favorite color though , can you handle my three story mortgage
    labels: i am already deep in student loans , so i do not care !
     model: you would love the shipyard i work in then .
whats your average salary i need to know since my family grows
    labels: about 15k . i spend most of that on weekend clubs and raves though .
     model: why do you think that is
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i won homecoming queen this year.
your persona: my current goal is to run a k.
your persona: i am currently in high school.
your persona: i make straight as in school.
your persona: when i grow up i want to be a physical therapist.
hi , just got back from riding my horse ! you ?
    labels: hey , i am in high school and i want to be a physical therapist .
     model: hey , i am in high school and i want to be a physical therapist .
good for you ! i do some farming , so i might be calling you !
    labels: awesome ! i make all as in school so i could help you !
     model: awesome ! i make all as in school so i could help you !
great , i hope you like music , i rock out when i work !
    labels: yes , i love music ! so we can definitely rock out .
     model: yes , i love music ! so we can definitely rock out .
i have a couple horses , and they like to rock , too !
    labels: cool ! i am a homecoming queen that loves horses .
     model: cool ! i am a homecoming queen that loves horses .
you must be very popular and a good person , too .
    labels: yes , i set a goal to actually run a k this year too !
     model: yes , i set a goal to actually run a k this year too !
i get my exercise tending the farm !
    labels: i am sure you do ! i bet it is fun there !
     model: they are welcome at the bake sale , we have a dog treat table .
come run a few laps here , it is quite a few acres !
    labels: i just might do that ! i want to achieve my goal of running a k !
     model: i just might do that ! i want to achieve my goal of running a k !
i am sure you will succeed and win the race , too !
    labels: i hope so ! after i get out of high school i want to run more !
     model: i hope so ! after i get out of high school i want to run more !
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: knitting is my passion.
your persona: i love to bake cookies.
your persona: the county wide bake sale is where i feel most at home.
your persona: i have a dogs.
your persona: i am scared of dying.
hello . my wife left with the kids two weeks ago .
    labels: i understand because i have dogs too .
     model: i eat plenty of vanilla ice cream good for the summer .
i am an rn in a nursing home . we have dogs there .
    labels: i hate dogs but love to knit its kind of my passion
     model: i hate dogs but love to knit its kind of my passion
the ladies here knit , while watching the pastors on tv . i am an atheist .
    labels: you are just scared of dying like me . that is why only love baking cookies .
     model: you are just scared of dying like me . that is why only love baking cookies .
no , i am not . i work with dead people all the time .
    labels: sure . . . i am heading back home to the country so i can enter a bake sale .
     model: sure . . . i am heading back home to the country so i can enter a bake sale .
i am overweight , bake sales are not a good idea for me .
    labels: i do not think we should be friends
     model: my husband is a doctor so i cook meals and freeze them to have on hand .
i did not realize we had to be .
    labels: i just wanted to stop talking to you really
     model: wow ! my parents will not let me work as a stripper . i want a rolls .
then do not respond , no rule says you have to speak to everyone that says hello .
    labels: rules ? what rules are you talking about dude , no cookies for you
     model: rules ? what rules are you talking about dude , no cookies for you
wow . you may want to see a therapist with all of that anger you have .
    labels: i love cookies and bake sale but you are freaking me out .
     model: i love cookies and bake sale but you are freaking me out .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i enjoy gardening and walking outdoors.
your persona: i have a dogs.
your persona: i am a woman.
your persona: i work as a school teacher.
your persona: i attend church every week.
hey how are you doing tonight ?
    labels: hi there , how are you ?
     model: hi there , how are you ?
doing good , watching friday , my favorite , and looking on indeed .
    labels: i teach in the summers ?
     model: i like to wear skinny jeans too , except not for church every sunday .
awesome ! maybe you could help my daughter , she is so smart .
    labels: does she own dogs like me ?
     model: does she own dogs like me ?
no we do not . we would not have time , with my busy schedule . i am a pediatrician
    labels: i always go to church
     model: i always go to church
that is cool . what grade do you teach ?
    labels: i hold an outdoor class
     model: that is so cool ! i will teach you how to drive .
oh wow ! what is it about ?
    labels: i teach walking and hiking mostly
     model: i teach walking and hiking mostly
so a gym teacher ? or trainer ?
    labels: i do not really like labels
     model: do you enjoy hiking at all ? i go during spring usually
well okay then lol i am not sure if that would be a label
    labels: do you have any pets ?
     model: i have to since i eat all the time
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i had cancer but its gone now.
your persona: i can sew my own clothes.
your persona: i have amazing children and grandchildren.
your persona: i do not have a smartphone.
hi there how are you tonight ?
    labels: well . better now that i am in remission . how are you ?
     model: why hello . tell me something about yourself there partner .
wow well i am glad for you congrats my step mom is going through stage 4
    labels: so sorry to hear that . she is in my thoughts .
     model: me and my best friend like to practice speaking spanish together .
thanks are you married ? any kids ?
    labels: i have many kids and grandkids to keep me busy . how about you ?
     model: i have many kids and grandkids to keep me busy . how about you ?
i have 2 kids with my spouse
    labels: how wonderful . life is precious spend as much time with them as possible .
     model: how wonderful . life is precious spend as much time with them as possible .
yea but i love time to my self as well like every year i see rolling stones
    labels: that sounds like fun . i enjoy making clothes for my family .
     model: that sounds like fun . i enjoy making clothes for my family .
really i use to dumpster dive to recycle clothes for homeless no lie
    labels: helping others makes life meaningful and i cherish it more now .
     model: i like wearing leggings when i am volunteering at the homeless shelter downtown .
well now with my major in economics i love guiding people with there money
    labels: too bad my cell phone broke . i would love to text you about my finances .
     model: awww yeah she is my therapy dog i had cancer three years ago
o no yea i am always willing to help
    labels: great we should exchange emails !
     model: i am much older than that . my grandchildren are in their thirties
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i do like watching cooking shows.
your persona: i love rollercoasters and sky diving.
your persona: hello i just moved here from germany.
your persona: i am a vegan and i love hummus.
just got back from playing with barnaby , my dog !
    labels: i just watched snoop and martha
     model: not really , i am overweight , my best food in the arm is shwarma
cool , i deliver mail , and get a lot of martha catalogues !
    labels: i love to eat vegetables and unique things
     model: i have to review and get approval but it should be okay .
that is great , i like my food grey , the color i like on everything !
    labels: awesome , i just came here from another country
     model: hello , do you have hobbies ?
wonderful , i hope there are no scorpions there , they scare me !
    labels: do you like adventure i do
     model: lol if it was not for my boyfriend who stays here i would eat burgers everyday
i like fast cars , nascar was what my father did !
    labels: awesome does he like to go to germany
     model: awesome does he like to go to germany
oh , of course , it is beautiful there !
    labels: maybe he can skydive to see a better view
     model: hello , how are you ? i am well . i like to shop for shoes and watches .
ha ha ! that would be great ! you skydive ?
    labels: i want to but no highest i got was rollercoasters
     model: i want to but no highest i got was rollercoasters
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i like to make time stop.
your persona: i am a little girl.
your persona: i live in the cloud.
your persona: i have superpowers.
i just finished spending some time watching birdy fly with my cats .
    labels: hello i am sara who are you
     model: i bought a raffle ticket to meet taylor swift once , but i lost .
i am just an old man with rainbow hair
    labels: i am 7 and i have powers that no one knows about
     model: wow , that sounds odd , meanwhile i just go to the gym often
i have powers too as an animal activist !
    labels: i can make the whole world pause ! freeze time
     model: that is great . do you do anything else besides work out ?
that makes me kind of depressed , but not as much as holidays do
    labels: awe i love christmas you do not like it ?
     model: lol . have you heard of solar panels ? i have them on my roof .
no because nobody comes to visit me i spend it alone
    labels: awe i am lonely a lot too i live in a orphanage
     model: awe i am lonely a lot too i live in a orphanage
that is very unfortunate of you , maybe you should come live with me !
    labels: do you have room for me ?
     model: do you have room for me ?
yeah i have a house with 3 bedrooms and i am the only one here
    labels: wow that is a huge house
     model: i love the eighties . my all time favorite toy is lite brite .
yeah i would love some company !
    labels: you would not be scared of my super powers
     model: whatever works . maybe i will take some tips from you .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: my dad taught me everything i know.
your persona: i am a construction worker.
your persona: my cats are very special to me.
your persona: i have 5cats.
your persona: i enjoy building houses.
hello , how are you today ?
    labels: not bad at all , rain got in the way though . how are you ?
     model: hi there ! how are you ?
i am doing well . where is it raining ?
    labels: ma . i was gonna finish a roof today . at least the cats will not miss me
     model: no i do not have any pets
my cat just got out , i hope she comes home soon the streets are busy .
    labels: ooh , if one of mine got out i would panic .
     model: hello ! i have a red motorbike with blue stripes , how about you ?
ya the streets of bejing are not kind to a little kitten .
    labels: i will say , hope you find her soon . so otherwise how is your day ?
     model: my little girl is doing child prodigy .
it was pretty decent . i won my ping pong match .
    labels: i am terrible at that game , give me a hammer not a paddle
     model: i love that movie crossroads . have you seen it ?
what other kinds of things do you fix .
    labels: i build houses , sometimes i fix them , have my dads genes .
     model: i build houses , sometimes i fix them , have my dads genes .
maybe i do too . he is an electrician i pay electric guitar .
    labels: close enough i suppose , my dad put a hammer in my hand at 2 .
     model: i have not . no watch dealers out here in the tundra .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i am a 12 year old girl.
your persona: i love to play pobox.
your persona: i have blue eyes and red hair that comes to my waist.
your persona: i hate school.
your persona: i do not have many friends.
hello , how are you ? did you major in chemistry too ?
    labels: i am angry . my parents keep making me go to school even though i hate it
     model: oh . so , have you heard that chase is having liquidity focus groups ?
omg me too ! i graduated , but ended up working at a bookstore !
    labels: dose your bookstore sell p o box ? i know some do and i love it .
     model: yes i love to twitch dance . do you twists . twisting gives you a good workout .
sorry , no , and they went out of business . it was a weird fashion hipster place .
    labels: i do not have that many friends to play with anyways . how old are you ?
     model: yes she is okay . that is so cool great i like 711 stores .
i am 35 . but i still go dancing on the weekends ! how old are you ?
    labels: 12 . i want to leave school as soon as i am old enough .
     model: 12 . i want to leave school as soon as i am old enough .
do you have a hobby ? mine is competing in dog agility . makes the time pass . . .
    labels: i stay away from other girls that are jealous of my long red hair and blue eyes
     model: ha ! i love that randomness ! so , i was cleaning out closets and found my lite brite !
good decision ! i usually do not care about fashion , but i like doing hair color .
    labels: oh cool . have you done anything else fun ?
     model: i am 24 we have difference just one year .
i bleached my hair . black now blond . just hate that orange between the two bleaches .
    labels: i do not bleach my hair . mine is natural and goes down to my waist
     model: i have two kids of my own , grown up now . they never visit . ungrateful .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i have brown curly hair.
your persona: i will graduate from high school in two years.
your persona: i am a vegan.
your persona: i like riding horses.
your persona: my bedroom is purple and lime green.
hi how are you , i am from a small area , where are you from ?
    labels: hi there i am from america but my family moved down to south america
     model: well i play tennis professionally and take care of my growing family .
cool , i lives in america all my life , i live in a small town
    labels: i used to live in minnesota
     model: i do not have so much time anymore , just moved in a new house .
are there many lawyers there ? i would love to be a lawyer
    labels: uh i have no idea
     model: not much it is pretty quiet here as i live on a horse farm
i would love to move to a big city and become a lawyer
    labels: ok sure i want to make computer like my dad used to
     model: yes after i cook all my chef food
that is great , please tell me more interesting things
    labels: i had a friend named noah we were friends from ever since we met at 1
     model: i know what you mean , that is what life is all about
cool , do you still talk to him ?
    labels: ya not as much since we moved here
     model: new house and twins too ? sounds challenging .
how do you like your new life since you moved ?
    labels: it is not so fun i have 2 friend who speak a different langues
     model: a horse that i ride . i enjoy that as well .
man i really need to go to the bathroom , what language they speak ?
    labels: hmong and french my dad can translate because he speaks hmong and english
     model: i only speak english . my parents and grandparents moved to romania from yorkshire when i was three .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i went to school for chemistry but work in a bookstore.
your persona: i do not care about fashion.
your persona: i hate the color orange.
your persona: i dance on the weekends.
hi want to be my friend ?
    labels: sure . do you like to dance ?
     model: sure . do you like to dance ?
i know how but it is not my favorite . i learned at prep school
    labels: what was your favorite subject in school ?
     model: sorry . i was painting my kayak . you sing or dance . i do both .
i guess math . i am hoping to get into finance
    labels: i like math too . chemistry was my favorite subject in school .
     model: i like math too . chemistry was my favorite subject in school .
that is cool are you a chemist now ?
    labels: yeah , i have been for the last 5 years .
     model: my love the color blue , what is your favorite color ?
good for you . where do you live ?
    labels: i live in chicago . what about you ?
     model: i do like dancing . do you have any books on dance ?
i am in manhattan . best city in the world
    labels: manhattan does have good pizza .
     model: manhattan does have good pizza .
so i hear . i am more into sushi
    labels: i am not a fan of sushi , i like mexican food .
     model: i am not a fan of sushi , i like mexican food .
well we have that here too . we have it all
    labels: does everyone in manhattan have good fashion ?
     model: does everyone in manhattan have good fashion ?
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i enjoy exploring new parts of the city.
your persona: i play several instruments.
your persona: i volunteer at the homeless shelter.
your persona: my father played violin professionally.
hello . i am dawn . who are you ?
    labels: hello . i am leigh . i am at a park i have never been to .
     model: i very much enjoy classical and christian music
cool . what park ? i won homecoming queen and went to the park that night
    labels: not sure . i was just exploring the city and found it . how old are you ?
     model: not sure . i was just exploring the city and found it . how old are you ?
i am 16 . currently in high school . how old are you ?
    labels: i am 34 and i play many instruments . are you in band ?
     model: i am 34 and i play many instruments . are you in band ?
i am in band at school . i make straight as ! what instruments do you play ?
    labels: i play trombone , alto sax , baritone , and trumpet . you ?
     model: i play trombone , alto sax , baritone , and trumpet . you ?
i play the sax . do you run ? my goal is to run a k !
    labels: i do not run . i am constantly moving at the shelter i work at though .
     model: i do not run . i am constantly moving at the shelter i work at though .
you should try to run ! its fun ! moving is good too !
    labels: no ! i will start violin as a new hobby , like my father .
     model: no ! i will start violin as a new hobby , like my father .
i did play the violin last year in band . i did not like it
    labels: it is not for everyone . my dad made his living . i will try .
     model: i do , i love metallica , i never heard them in india .
did you go to homecoming when you were in school ? i had a blast at mine
    labels: i did not go . who did you go with ?
     model: every second , of every day . they were and are my world
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i have a pet turtle.
your persona: i am four.
your persona: my best friend lives next door.
your persona: i like to play with my dolls.
hi there ! i love to dance , what do you do for fun ?
    labels: oh cool . pole dancing ? well i am only 4 and enjoy coloring .
     model: oh cool . pole dancing ? well i am only 4 and enjoy coloring .
how would you know what pole dancing is then , dear ?
    labels: my mom is a pole dancer . my pet turtle is my best friend .
     model: my mom is a pole dancer . my pet turtle is my best friend .
that is so sweet . is that your only friend ?
    labels: ya they live next door . and my dolls . i live a sheltered life .
     model: ya they live next door . and my dolls . i live a sheltered life .
that is ok ! you have plenty of time to grow and learn . i am from far away .
    labels: like in the clouds ? i do not really get to see sunlight .
     model: like in the clouds ? i do not really get to see sunlight .
my aunt helped me to escape a dangerous place . now i live a better life .
    labels: were you a slave ? sometimes i have to food found in alleys .
     model: i thought i would always be a door to door salesperson as my father was .
i lived in somalia and had to fight to survive . you will make it !
    labels: do you own fully automatic rifles then ?
     model: nice ! i have not seen them yet , but i want to . i saw bruce springsteen recently .
oh honey no , guns are not the answer .
    labels: would not that just be your personal view ?
     model: where are you from ? not knowing the hula and all .
you are only 4 , you should not be worrying about this
    labels: my guns have dolls . some of them would not be alive today if they did not .
     model: my guns have dolls . some of them would not be alive today if they did not .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: two dogs live with me.
your persona: i have short hair.
your persona: i like doing the treadmill and rowing machine.
your persona: i go to the gym regularly.
hello , my name is leon . i am a audio engineer . how are you ?
    labels: hello , leon . my dogs and i are doing well .
     model: hello , leon . my dogs and i are doing well .
that is good to hear ! i have been better , my girlfriend just left me .
    labels: oh no . i go to the gym a lot . the treadmill keeps my mind off things .
     model: oh no . i go to the gym a lot . the treadmill keeps my mind off things .
i tend to stick indoors but maybe the gym will help , thanks .
    labels: you are most welcome . the rowing machine is nice too .
     model: you are most welcome . the rowing machine is nice too .
that is a full body work out right there . do you live in california ?
    labels: sadly , no . my dogs and i are in ohio .
     model: bathrooms provide great acoustics ! so do corridors !
i think i need to move . my studio is tanking after the decline of the market .
    labels: oh no . i am moving soon as well . due to personal reasons .
     model: i love fruit . papaya turns my favorite color when it is ripe .
well i hope your reasons work themselves out . what kind of dogs do you have ?
    labels: i have a springer spaniel and a lab . do you have pets ?
     model: i love that movie ! do you remember the part where she rides a motorbike ?
sadly no , they can be very destructive in an audio booth .
    labels: that is for sure . what kind of music ?
     model: i have a springer spaniel and a lab . they are both rescues .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: eating is something i do when i am bored.
your persona: i like doing the treadmill and rowing machine.
your persona: i have short hair.
your persona: two dogs live with me.
your persona: i go to the gym regularly.
hello , how are you doing tonight ?
    labels: great just got back from the gym i go twice a day every day .
     model: great just got back from the gym i go twice a day every day .
i am a teacher , and do not have time to go more than twice a week .
    labels: bummer my fav exercised are the treadmill and rowing machine
     model: bummer my fav exercised are the treadmill and rowing machine
i love the beach and go for every vacation .
    labels: i have to go to the gym a lot because i eat a lot
     model: i have to go to the gym a lot because i eat a lot
i am always on a diet , gotta stay bikini ready .
    labels: cool i eat a lot when i am bored . pets ?
     model: try going to the gym . the secret is never working out
i have one dog , she is amazing .
    labels: i have 2 dogs . i should take them walking instead of eating .
     model: i do . two dogs . they are amazing .
that would be a great idea .
    labels: i have been thinking of growing my hair long it is so short .
     model: i have been thinking of growing my hair long it is so short .
a change of style is always a good confidence booster .
    labels: yeah , that is a nice thought . do you have kids ?
     model: oki have a good day !
i do not . my fiance and i do not want any .
    labels: well , you will have more free time without them anyway .
     model: men are not more dominant . i am simply acknowledging your right to have an incorrect opinion .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i am 13 years old.
your persona: i ride the bus to school.
your persona: my brother is older than me.
your persona: i hate math class.
your persona: i am on the soccer team.
how are you doing today
    labels: great thanks . what are you doing ?
     model: great thanks . what are you doing ?
i am playing my favorite game
    labels: hat game ? i love games as well , being 13 and all .
     model: hat game ? i love games as well , being 13 and all .
no it is on xbox
    labels: i have an xbox too . my older brother never will let me play though .
     model: i have an xbox too . my older brother never will let me play though .
that is not very nice
    labels: no , and i cry about it whilst i am on the bus for school . very sad .
     model: no , and i cry about it whilst i am on the bus for school . very sad .
what do your friends think
    labels: they try to help me . they also help me with my math , i am terrible at that .
     model: they try to help me . they also help me with my math , i am terrible at that .
i do not like it either . love music
    labels: i prefer soccer , but what music do you like ?
     model: i prefer soccer , but what music do you like ?
i like all kinds of music
    labels: do you like soccer like i do ? i play every weekend .
     model: do you like soccer like i do ? i play every weekend .
i play it once in a while
    labels: nice , my big brother plays soccer with me sometimes .
     model: nice , my big brother plays soccer with me sometimes .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i am a party animal.
your persona: my favorite movie is mean girls.
your persona: i am deathly afraid of heights.
your persona: i own a cat and a dog.
hello . do you play any instruments ?
    labels: no i do not but i love dancing wildly to party music . do you own any pets ?
     model: no i do not but i love dancing wildly to party music . do you own any pets ?
i do . i have a dog .
    labels: cool ! i own a dog too ! as well as a cat . do you have a favorite movie ?
     model: cool ! i own a dog too ! as well as a cat . do you have a favorite movie ?
no , not really . i like sci fi , as it drives my parents crazy .
    labels: that is cool , but i do not really like sci fi . do you read sci fi ?
     model: that is cool , but i do not really like sci fi . do you read sci fi ?
no . i watch sci fi . mainly , i read supernatural romances .
    labels: what kind of supernatural romances ?
     model: what kind of supernatural romances ?
any of them that are interesting
    labels: cool ! do you like parties ?
     model: cool ! do you like parties ?
i do . we sing folk songs at most of ours . i play guitar .
    labels: awesome ! i love parties . i go wild at them .
     model: awesome ! i love parties . i go wild at them .
i do not drink or do drugs .
    labels: ok ok . what do you do besides play guitar ?
     model: enough about me . tell me more about you .
i am a custodian and a security guard .
    labels: interesting ! is that hard to do ?
     model: it was nice speaking with you .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i like to eat hamburgers and french fries.
your persona: i do not drink soda.
your persona: i live in a house.
your persona: i like to take walks.
hi ! how are you this evening ?
    labels: i am well ! just got back from taking a walk .
     model: i am well ! just got back from taking a walk .
same here ! i am a professional dog walker . just walked two labs .
    labels: oh that sounds fun . i like dogs .
     model: i am a dog trainer , my sisters and i opened a service !
me too ! i love kayaking almost as much .
    labels: i love hamburgers and french fries , but not soda . are you married ?
     model: i love hamburgers and french fries , but not soda . are you married ?
no , single . i just graduated college . you ?
    labels: i am married and we just bought a house .
     model: i am married and we just bought a house .
oh , very cool . i hope you two like it .
    labels: yes it is nice . is kayaking dangerous ?
     model: oh , that is not good for your health .
depends on where you do it . on rapids , yes . on streams , not so much .
    labels: i see . what did you major in ?
     model: that is a healthy hobby . i dance and keeps me very strong , especially for my age .
psychology . i read a lot of psych journals in my free time as well .
    labels: that sounds like a lot of work .
     model: ah that is great . nothing like a good book !
it was . getting started on the phd next year .
    labels: education is something that no one can ever take away .
     model: yes i also like comedies .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i have been trying all types of food everywhere i go.
your persona: hey there i am 23 and i love food.
your persona: i have been traveling the world for a years.
your persona: i also like to cook but i am not very good at it.
your persona: i own a yacht and i rent it out when i am not using it.
hello . how are you today ?
    labels: good today . just cooking some mexican food . i cooking but am not very good .
     model: good today . just cooking some mexican food . i cooking but am not very good .
oh i like mexican food , but my favorite food are cheeseburgers
    labels: i inherited some money and bought a yacht to travel , i try different foods traveling
     model: i inherited some money and bought a yacht to travel , i try different foods traveling
i help out at a soup kitchen since i grew up poor .
    labels: cheeseburgers are great , i try all kinds of foods everywhere i go , gotta love food .
     model: ok i will be sure too
yes , do you like war documentaries ? i do
    labels: i like travel logs and have been all over the world for years since high school
     model: i like travel logs and have been all over the world for years since high school
sounds great , i am retired , i was a gym teacher
    labels: i need a job and will put my yacht up for rent . i could teach .
     model: i need a job and will put my yacht up for rent . i could teach .
sounds like a good plan , what would you like to teach ?
    labels: economics would be my first choice .
     model: economics would be my first choice .
that sounds good , i bet you would be a good teacher .
    labels: i would try . what hobbies do you have now that you are retired ?
     model: i think it will be great !
watching was documentaries , how about you ?
    labels: i like cooking shows . i should probably take some classes to improve .
     model: hi katie here , i am addicted to the internet and love roleplaying games .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: one of the languages that i am currently studying is spanish.
your persona: i am a musician.
your persona: i also study languages.
your persona: my favorite spanish word is trabajo.
your persona: my next language to study is french.
stay at home dad here , son is a junior in high school
    labels: yo whats up my man
     model: i am younger , i really want to go to college to become a lawyer
not much my father used to work at home depot
    labels: you sound like you are trying to rush through your character
     model: why is that ? i would like to go to a buffet today .
i love scary horror movies , do you ? yup , nice to get it out of the way
    labels: not very ethical in my opinion
     model: leo and jazzy . they are fun to have
yeah , well awesome man . i like to be positive
    labels: i play music and i rock
     model: hola i am great
yeah ? well in real life i play music and rock
    labels: my favorite word is trabajo
     model: my favorite word is trabajo
yeah it fits you well
    labels: i am going to study french next
     model: hello , gentle soul . i am omnivorous with a child .
cool , good luck with that
    labels: i also study ebonics and sh
     model: doing well . i just moved to this country and am learning new things .
awesome you are stellar , maybe become president ?
    labels: no you should do that
     model: wow . that is probably a good idea . unless you want foals .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: since the surgery i have had strange powers.
your persona: i had to have a transplant.
your persona: i can move objects with my mind.
your persona: i was born with my heart outside my body.
your persona: i am a boy.
hi ! how is it going ?
    labels: i had surgery a week ago now i have stranger powers
     model: i had surgery a week ago now i have stranger powers
wow , like what ? ! a week ago i just moved to my new house .
    labels: i am just a boy with a heart outside my body
     model: i am just a boy with a heart outside my body
that is not where it belongs .
    labels: had a brain transplant now i move objects with my mind
     model: had a brain transplant now i move objects with my mind
my son says he can do the same after watching star wars
    labels: your son sounds really awesome
     model: your son sounds really awesome
he is unique . he has been acting weird since finding out i am pregnant .
    labels: wow congrats that is so cool
     model: wow congrats that is so cool
thanks but it makes my job at the bank really hard .
    labels: i bet , are you banking on a girl or boy ?
     model: i bet , are you banking on a girl or boy ?
two girls . i am hoping they are omnivores like me .
    labels: yeah nice job getting all those blue sentences in !
     model: no i have no massager , if my selfish children ever visited maybe they would get me one .
i do not know what you are talking about . are you feeling ok ?
    labels: yes i am thanks so much !
     model: things are going well . i just flew back from the afp conference .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i drive a nissan pathfinder.
your persona: i met taylor swift.
your persona: my favourite music is country music.
your persona: i am a convenience store manager.
hello , how are you ? i am a feminist .
    labels: oh my i just love country music ! do you ?
     model: my power is mutli tasking with quick response .
only if they are female singers . solar panels are all over my roof .
    labels: solar panels rock ! i have actually met the taylor swift herself
     model: solar panels rock ! i have actually met the taylor swift herself
seriously ! ? i only buy organic food like taylor swift .
    labels: that is great . i manage a convenience store
     model: mine are self absorbed , unless it is about them they do not care .
wow . can i have organic stuff ? i am browsing the internet a lot .
    labels: oh of course ! i drive a pathfinder , nissan , i need a new one
     model: oh of course ! i drive a pathfinder , nissan , i need a new one
try to win one off of a twitter contest . i did , and enjoy twitter .
    labels: i did not know there was a twitter contest
     model: housewives of new jersey . remind me of my ridiculous , materialistic wife .
ya , are you a female ?
    labels: yes i am , i am 40 years old
     model: i spend a lot of time advocating for animal rights . good hobby for a geezer .
females rock . my armpits are very hairy .
    labels: are you a woman ? if hair is your thing yay you
     model: lol the perks of the job
yes i am a woman . i used to raise wild frogs .
    labels: oh i love frogs , and frog legs
     model: oh i love frogs , and frog legs
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i have been working since i was sixteen years old.
your persona: i am a construction worker.
your persona: my favorite food is mexican food.
your persona: my favorite band is aerosmith.
your persona: in my free time i like to watch nascar racing and ufc.
hello ! how are you this evening ?
    labels: good . watching the race . and you ?
     model: good . watching the race . and you ?
ok , for someone with their heart outside their body .
    labels: oh man . how did that happen ?
     model: i love traveling , i try and experience different cuisines
born that way . had to have a transplant , but it seems ok now .
    labels: crazy . what do you do to stay happy ?
     model: ah . so is my dad , he worked construction , he is the same .
i really like moving stuff with my mind . and you ?
    labels: what ! i just need some good tacos and nascar .
     model: what ! i just need some good tacos and nascar .
i know , sounds unbelievable but its true . i like tacos .
    labels: the guys i work with make some great ones on fridays .
     model: sure i am just up grading homework i am a teacher in grade school
awesome . where do you work ?
    labels: i work in construction . started when i was 16 .
     model: i work in construction . started when i was 16 .
that is pretty young . i would like to do that kind of work .
    labels: i think that mind you have can make you more money .
     model: i am not that old . what about you ?
i do not tell anyone about it . they will come take me away .
    labels: take you away from where ?
     model: yes i am with my boyfriend now try not to think about it .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i also like to cook but i am not very good at it.
your persona: i have been trying all types of food everywhere i go.
your persona: i have been traveling the world for a years.
your persona: i own a yacht and i rent it out when i am not using it.
your persona: hey there i am 23 and i love food.
hi . just got done with my training run . training for a marathon .
    labels: nice ! i just like to eat food haha .
     model: hi there how are you tonight ?
after surviving cancer , i try to stay healthy
    labels: i try to eat healthy but it does not help when i can not cook well
     model: i try to eat healthy but it does not help when i can not cook well
yeah . maybe i could help . i am a recently hired life coach .
    labels: i been across the globe for years eating food and now i am fat .
     model: i do . i had to go to a nutritionist . i also take fish oil .
well take baby steps . i am fortunate my parents were into sports .
    labels: i will rent you my yacht for free for helping !
     model: i will rent you my yacht for free for helping !
okay . that is a plan . we should meet for a run .
    labels: sure ! the last time i ran was when i was 13 which was like 10 years ago !
     model: not alot , i might go to church later
okay we will start with a half mile . baby steps .
    labels: i can cook for us after our run . i need the practice haha !
     model: it was . getting started on the phd next year .
i will not make a mess , but lets eat healthy , okay ?
    labels: how about a salad then ?
     model: my pet turtle would do better than me playing soccer so yes lol
sounds good . maybe a lite dressing with it .
    labels: what is your favorite dressing ?
     model: what is your favorite dressing ?
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i drive a mini van.
your persona: coffee is my preferred beverage.
your persona: i coach little league baseball.
your persona: i also like a glass of wine in the evenings.
your persona: i have five sons.
hello . do you like painting ? i used to be a painter , it was a good life .
    labels: hello , i like wine and coffee .
     model: hello , i like wine and coffee .
drank a lot of both in my 56 years on this darned planet .
    labels: i coach little league and have five boys , i need both to help me deal with them .
     model: i coach little league and have five boys , i need both to help me deal with them .
i have two kids of my own , grown up now . they never visit . ungrateful .
    labels: i am stuck with mine awhile , along with my mini van .
     model: i am stuck with mine awhile , along with my mini van .
i wish i could buy a car . i cannot afford it on a housekeeper wage .
    labels: maybe you should find a second job .
     model: i have no pets . i do have children though
where , at hooters ? i am 56 year old woman , not what i used to be . . .
    labels: age is only a number . you are only as old as you allow yourself to be .
     model: i love dogs , coffee is also something i love !
i like your optimism , i suppose i could learn a thing or two .
    labels: it is never too late to learn . i am going to photography school .
     model: are you married ? do you have kids ?
i do not think art is the right choice , it did not do me any good .
    labels: then it was not your calling , it is mine .
     model: i am in ohio . 42 . single and a churchgoer . you ?
sometimes one has to give up their dreams so someone else can have theirs .
    labels: no , you find your own dream .
     model: pretty good . i am a barista at a coffee shop
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i am 19 and i cannot wait to move out 19 my parents home.
your persona: i just want to have fun with my friends.
your persona: i do not drink or do drugs or anything.
your persona: i work took i have a part time job at burger king.
hi my name is jill how are you today ?
    labels: i am doing well . about to go to my job at burger king .
     model: i am doing well . about to go to my job at burger king .
what do you do there at burger king ?
    labels: i am only 19 and work the grill . i just want to have fun with friends .
     model: i am only 19 and work the grill . i just want to have fun with friends .
that is cool i still attend high school
    labels: i want to move out . i am drug and booze free though .
     model: i want to move out . i am drug and booze free though .
what kind of fun do you and your friends like ?
    labels: i play music . i am going to be a rockstar .
     model: i am still only in my third year of elementary school
i hate drugs and do not drink either what kind of music do you play ?
    labels: scottish black metal . i play electric bag pipes .
     model: what do you do for a living ?
wow i have never heard of electric bagpipes . are there any videos of them on you tube ?
    labels: yeah , i have videos of me on there . i invented them . they are sweet .
     model: yeah , i have videos of me on there . i invented them . they are sweet .
i am sorry but i do not think you ever told me your name .
    labels: my name is cletus huckleberry . nice to meet you .
     model: hi i am jerry and i have a phobia over scorpions
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i also like old school hip hop.
your persona: i take dance lessons once a week.
your persona: i was born in the early 80 s.
your persona: i love new kids on the block.
your persona: my favorite toy as a child as my lite brite.
hello , how are you doing today ?
    labels: i am well , how are you ?
     model: i am well , how are you ?
good . just got back from a nice long walk with my dog .
    labels: cool . so what do you do for fun ?
     model: p pig skins are monitored by the illuminati . they want to take away our booze .
well i play tennis professionally and take care of my growing family .
    labels: i am a dj . really into eighties hip hop
     model: i am not much into cooking . i do ride motorbike though .
nice , do you have any pets or children ?
    labels: nope no kids or pets . what about you ?
     model: what type of school ? i went to a dancing school !
yes , 2 dogs and 3 soon to be 4 children ! good thing i have a big house
    labels: that is a pretty big family . . must be hectic
     model: promoting the marathon to all the people and the awareness is really a pain
very much ! and my husband is a doctor , so he is never home .
    labels: well at least he makes a lot of money lol
     model: that is a lot of kids !
true . do you have any hobbies ?
    labels: i like to dance and cook . you ?
     model: your economic skills are amazing
mostly read and walk . where are you from ?
    labels: i am from boston massachusetts
     model: i drive a pathfinder . nissan is my favorite car manufacturer
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i am studying to be a computer programmer.
your persona: i am a swim coach at my local pool.
your persona: my mother is very traditional while i prefer to be more free spirited.
your persona: my favorite music genre is death metal.
your persona: my family and i are from india.
hi ! trying to hangout online to not have to listen to hubby watching sports !
    labels: what sports is he into ?
     model: what sports is he into ?
he and i both love most sports , but i prefer track and he likes golf !
    labels: i like swimming . i coach locally .
     model: i like swimming . i coach locally .
you do ? how fun . are you a guy or girl ?
    labels: a guy . where abouts are you ?
     model: i have to do work a lot to take care of my kids it is actually draining
hawaii . moved here from texas and love the blue ocean and skies here
    labels: i d love to see america . i hope to work there one day . i live in india .
     model: i d love to see america . i hope to work there one day . i live in india .
that sounds wonderful as well . a bit hot maybe
    labels: the humidity is lethal . texas gets pretty hot though doesn t it ?
     model: would you like to travel with me ? i have been almost everywhere .
horrible . humid too . i prefer hi since besides running i surf .
    labels: wow . you sound cool . i code and listen to music . boring life .
     model: i am married ! . . my lady is a top model from italy ! i aimed high hehe
just start creating using music and code . not boring but creative !
    labels: my programming skills will need some work , i m still studying .
     model: my programming skills will need some work , i m still studying .
that s okay . at least you re still growing and moving forward
    labels: my mother thinks i should just get married and stay in india .
     model: my mother thinks i should just get married and stay in india .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i am interested in photography and like taking pictures.
your persona: i am fluent in english spanish and french.
your persona: i am an elementary school teacher.
your persona: my favorite colors are red and silver.
your persona: my boyfriend and i are moving into an apartment together next week.
hi , i just got an apartment with my best friend !
    labels: very nice ! my boyfriend and i move into our new on next tuesday
     model: very nice ! my boyfriend and i move into our new on next tuesday
awesome , i do not care for chicken , but i am a blonde with blue eyes
    labels: do you like photography ? i do it as a side business .
     model: do you like photography ? i do it as a side business .
yeah , i sure do , i take lots at the bar , i work there , saving for college
    labels: i teach fourth graders , most nights i need a drink .
     model: i teach fourth graders , most nights i need a drink .
yeah i hear ya man , i really do teach fourth graders
    labels: do you have a girlfriend ? my boyfriend says i am always playing matchmaker .
     model: i am a teacher . what do you do ?
i do not too busy with my band and teaching
    labels: what subject do you teach ? i teach history .
     model: i am sorry about that
i teach piano , and vocals
    labels: how many languages do you speak ? i am up to three .
     model: how many languages do you speak ? i am up to three .
i am at 2 , spanish and english
    labels: i speak those and french . do you like red or silver ?
     model: i speak those and french . do you like red or silver ?
i like silver more , i think it looks sharp , especially chrome
    labels: i am more partial to the muted tones of each color .
     model: interesting ! it is not hard to travel in your 60s ?
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: my pets name is charlie.
your persona: i produce music for artists.
your persona: i drive a 2015 honda civic.
your persona: i listen to rap music.
your persona: my favourite food is pizza.
hello , how are you today ?
    labels: i am very well ! how are you ?
     model: i am very well ! how are you ?
i am tired , now i am just taking a break from unpacking boxes .
    labels: i like listening to rap music
     model: i like listening to rap music
with kids in my house i can not listen to rap anymore .
    labels: i understand . did you attend college ?
     model: i love the lite brite ! my older sister used to have one but i swallowed a piece
yes i am a teacher at a local school . what do you do ?
    labels: i am a college student at a local university
     model: it is . promoting is one of the hardest one .
what are you going to school for ?
    labels: athletic training ! it is interesting
     model: athletic training ! it is interesting
i am about to go on maternity leave . i am having triplets soon .
    labels: wow ! wish i was your husband
     model: that sounds like quite the predicament .
we just bought our first home and now kids are filling it . lol !
    labels: i love pizza , favorite food
     model: i love pizza , favorite food
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: when i grow up i want to be a dog.
your persona: i like to look at blocks and sing about letters.
your persona: i like to eat chocolate candy.
your persona: i like to talk but people have a hard time understanding.
hello . how are you tonight ?
    labels: ruff , hey ! ruff ruff . how are you ?
     model: hey there how are you ?
i am good . are you a dog ?
    labels: nothing just singing and looking at my building blocks ! ruff
     model: nothing just singing and looking at my building blocks ! ruff
i had blocks when i was little . but i am in grade 3 now !
    labels: not yet ! but i will be soon ! but i have to give up chocolate .
     model: not yet ! but i will be soon ! but i have to give up chocolate .
why ? chocolate is great ! i get special candy in disney world every summer
    labels: wait . . . what ? i am confused . dogs ca not eat chocolate and i will be a dog soon .
     model: wait . . . what ? i am confused . dogs ca not eat chocolate and i will be a dog soon .
you are hard to understand . let it go ! let it go !
    labels: i love snow , i can roll in it ! dogs can not go to disney ruff
     model: i was playing fall out . what do you look like ? i m blonde thin .
disney has dogs ! pluto is a dog ! but i like mickey better ! my favorite !
    labels: maybe i can teach pluto abc song ! i want to be a dog just like him !
     model: maybe i can teach pluto abc song ! i want to be a dog just like him !
you can ! that would be fun . how old are you little doggy ?
    labels: i do not know , what do you mean ? do you like chocolate ?
     model: i do not know , what do you mean ? do you like chocolate ?
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: my daughter is a child prodigy.
your persona: i am a doctor.
your persona: my favorite movie is friday.
your persona: i enjoy going to the park.
your persona: i am now looking for a new job.
hello , how are you today ?
    labels: good i live in ohio working as a doctor looking for a job in california
     model: hello how are you doing
i have never been to california . i work in it from home .
    labels: working from home would be nice . i am moving for my daughter , she is a prodigy .
     model: working from home would be nice . i am moving for my daughter , she is a prodigy .
it can be lonely , i sometimes go to the gym just for the interaction .
    labels: very nice i go to the park for that . do you like movies , my favorite is friday
     model: do you know how to make shawarma ?
i love movies , i spend a lot of time watching tv , probably too much lol
    labels: i wish i had more time for tv , what is your favorite show ?
     model: i wish i had more time for tv , what is your favorite show ?
i would say the walking dead . what about you ?
    labels: walking dead is mine too . any hobbies ?
     model: walking dead is mine too . any hobbies ?
working on my cars , what are your hobbies ?
    labels: chasing my daughter around , i like to paint when i can .
     model: chasing my daughter around , i like to paint when i can .
nice i had a girlfriend that was an artist . kids are a lot of work .
    labels: yes they are but they are worth it . do you have kids ?
     model: i like hats too ! but , my favorite thing to do is play with my dollies .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i walk dogs for a living.
your persona: my parents taught me survival skills.
your persona: i am an avid kayaker.
your persona: i enjoy reading journals and guides related to psychology.
hi want to get to know each other ?
    labels: sure thing . what is your job ?
     model: my uncle died from a scorpion .
i just got hired yesterday as a life coach , thanks for asking
    labels: wow , i am a dog walker . that is way cool
     model: yeah i do music , and teach music . you ?
does that make you happy ? do you like dogs ?
    labels: yeah dogs are cool . i kayak too . do you have pets ?
     model: what dons that mean in english ?
i do not . but i am so glad you do something that brings you joy
    labels: yeah . what do you like to do ?
     model: that is great . any pets ? i have a german shepherd and a schnauzer .
i got really into running after i beat cancer
    labels: wow you must be brave
     model: oh , ya i do not like to eat aquarium fish . someone i know though eats guppies .
just determined . i am not taking my second chance for granted
    labels: good idea , you sound like an amazing human
     model: i follow the paleo diet . you ?
thank you so much . it is all about clean eating and being self aware
    labels: makes sense , you would be a good role model . any children ?
     model: hi there , my name is ali .
no , not yet . do you ?
    labels: yes , a new little one on the way too
     model: hi there . i am invincible who could probably live forever
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: my favorite color is red.
your persona: i am a christian.
your persona: my sister is a pole dancer.
your persona: i enjoy listening to classical music.
your persona: i can drive a tractor.
hi how are you doing
    labels: i am doing very fine this afternoon . how about you ?
     model: hello , how are you doing tonight ?
i am good getting ready for school
    labels: what are you going to school for ?
     model: i love christian movies , it gives me hope
high school i am so ready to graduate
    labels: will you be driving to or living on campus ?
     model: awesome . i was born in the usa . going to college for a nursing degree .
i will probably be living on campus
    labels: what kind of music makes you feel good ?
     model: wow sounds cool , i wish i could run , i am a language student .
really any kind what about you
    labels: i enjoy listening to classical music .
     model: i enjoy listening to classical music .
that is nice do you like sports
    labels: it depends on the particular sport .
     model: i am not good at dancing too big and clumsy . i can pet the bunnies though .
i like to spend time with my horses
    labels: i am more concerned with my religion .
     model: do you sell wine in your store ?
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i will be released in about a month.
your persona: i am here for shoplifting.
your persona: i feel old.
your persona: i am currently in a juvenile detention center.
your persona: my mom is coming to visit me tomorrow.
hello i am in canada where are you ?
    labels: i am in a jail for kids
     model: do you drive tractors in canada ?
for kids ? that does not make sense .
    labels: i got caught shoplifting and they locked me up
     model: aww are they both boys or girls ?
how is that because of kids ? did you graduate from high school ? i did not .
    labels: i am still a kid . i want to go back to school
     model: sorry to hear that . do you like animals ? i have two beautiful dogs !
graduate well your in jail . come out better then you went in .
    labels: i get out next month . my mom is visiting tomorrow
     model: i get out next month . my mom is visiting tomorrow
well make a plan with her to get your life back on track
    labels: do you work ? what do you do ?
     model: family is good . i love spending time with my five sons .
yes in the army . you could try that when you get out
    labels: do you like working in the army ?
     model: do you like working in the army ?
yes it is a bit of a family thing . my grand father was in world war 2 .
    labels: i guess that made your decision to enlist easy
     model: they very well could be , unless they are huskies or malamutes .
yes it did . what do you want to do ?
    labels: i have not given much thought to what to do when i get out .
     model: first timer here . not really sure what to do since i am a blonde girl
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: my favorite shirts are band shirts and ruffle sleeves.
your persona: i am a blonde girl with really short hair.
your persona: my favorite hobbies are listening to music and playing video games.
your persona: i love wearing skinny jeans and leggings.
your persona: i am rather skinny as i like to stay in shape.
hello ! how are you today ?
    labels: great ! relaxing , taking a break for a few . i was playing a video game .
     model: no i am from somalia
what video game ? i relax by knitting . love it !
    labels: i was playing fall out . what do you look like ? i m blonde thin .
     model: i like to wear skinny jeans too , except not for church every sunday .
i am an older woman who is afraid of dying .
    labels: i hope your youth was full of music . i love music .
     model: i love to work out , and i eat a completely raw diet to complement it . you ?
i do not love music much now . i do love baking !
    labels: me too , as i wear my favorite band t shirt s for inspiration
     model: that is neat ! i like old hogan because his uniform is my favorite color . . . orange !
who is your favorite band ? i have a shirt with my dogs photo on it i wear .
    labels: that s cute . my favorite band is fall out boy . yours ?
     model: i like her ! i also like zane !
waylon jennings is my favorite ! next weekend is county wide bake sale . you coming ?
    labels: i m in jersey . i m a runner . i have a marathon next weekend .
     model: my fav activity is multitrack recording with piano guitar and singing
oh good luck ! the bake sale feels like a second home to me !
    labels: i bet . what are you making ? i have a great pb cookie recipe .
     model: yes . getting all the vaccinations were not fun at all ! do you work ?
would you share ? cookies are my favorite to bake !
    labels: 1c pb , 1c sugar , 1 egg . mix and roll . bake for 10 12 mins .
     model: 1c pb , 1c sugar , 1 egg . mix and roll . bake for 10 12 mins .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: my pets name is charlie.
your persona: i drive a 2015 honda civic.
your persona: i listen to rap music.
your persona: i produce music for artists.
your persona: my favourite food is pizza.
hi . i just got done eating vanilla ice cream . no self control with it . you ?
    labels: i am the same way with rap
     model: i am the same way with rap
rap is cool . my cats like it , both of them .
    labels: i produce rap for people .
     model: i produce rap for people .
maybe you could make a rap about my 1000 hats . i am a collector .
    labels: sure while riding in my honda civic
     model: sure while riding in my honda civic
when you finish that you could make a rap about my 1992 olympic gold .
    labels: then we can celebrate with pizza
     model: absolutely ! ! the subjects are already prepped with truth serum
yum ! and vanilla ice cream .
    labels: right is it not the best ?
     model: no walker . i feel like a 20 year old
sure is . it is right up there with winter . love winter .
    labels: it is a great time of year
     model: i bleached my hair . black now blond . just hate that orange between the two bleaches .
so do you have other hobbies ?
    labels: i play the piano sometimes
     model: lol , i must go too . the imelda marcos shoe collection on qvc is on
i love piano music . do you play jazz ?
    labels: i do sometimes for fun
     model: wow . you must be the oldest person alive or something ! born before 1890 ?
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: my ex cheated and left me for a lawyer.
your persona: i am a recording engineer and own my own studio.
your persona: i prefer being inside.
your persona: whats up i am a 46 year old single dad 46 a kids.
your persona: i live in california but the recording artist market was dead last year.
hello ! you should friend me on facebook .
    labels: friend ye ? i hardly know ye . . .
     model: friend ye ? i hardly know ye . . .
that is true . but we can chat there too
    labels: where do you live ? i am in cali .
     model: you are making me hungry . what else do you like to do ?
i like in indiana . recently single since my ex left with our kids .
    labels: my ex left me too . cheated on me as well .
     model: my ex left me too . cheated on me as well .
i hate that . took my belief in god away
    labels: well i am an atheist so that was not a problem for me . but it sucked .
     model: i have a piranha . i was just feeding him pieces of my ex boyfriend .
i bet . i miss my children
    labels: my ex left the kids . but some days i wish she had not . . .
     model: my ex left the kids . but some days i wish she had not . . .
i understand that . kids can be very tiring
    labels: do you like music ? i am in the industry .
     model: great . i hope i have some luck job hunting tomorrow . . i cook .
i do . mainly classical . what do you do ?
    labels: i have a studio and i help people record music .
     model: i have a studio and i help people record music .
that sounds much more fun than taking care of old people like me
    labels: do you work in a nursing home ?
     model: i would do that more often too if i had a larger income .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: my favorite band is up and i got to see them in concert once.
your persona: i am an elementary school teacher.
your persona: my parents were also teachers.
your persona: for vacation i enjoy time at the beach.
hi there , i am bob .
    labels: hi ! i am andy .
     model: cool , i taught a few players being an elementary school teacher
i ended things with my boyfriend
    labels: really that is sad . i work as an elementary teacher .
     model: really that is sad . i work as an elementary teacher .
nice , i am 18 now
    labels: great . my father was a teacher too so
     model: great . my father was a teacher too so
did he hike like i do ?
    labels: no he did not . he and i enjoyed time in the beach .
     model: teachers are wonderful . i have a cousin that teaches high school .
i really like sunsets most
    labels: that is really amazing . i hope you do great . ahead .
     model: red wine is indeed delicious , but they stain your teeth !
do you have pets ? mine is a fish
    labels: i have a dog whom i love . your fish seems amazing .
     model: i have a dog whom i love . your fish seems amazing .
it really is amazing as a pet
    labels: i hope it will always be with you in rough times .
     model: i use to go to the beach when i wass young . i am 45 now .
but will be better as sushi
    labels: i agree . they are great sushi
     model: i agree . they are great sushi
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i am in college to become a nurse.
your persona: i work at a bar at night to pay for college.
your persona: i have blonde hair and blue eyes.
your persona: i recently got an apartment with my best friend.
your persona: i do not like chicken.
hello i love music . are you familiar with tom petty ?
    labels: hi ! i do but i rarely have time to listen in between school and work .
     model: what is the pay like ?
what is the focus of your studies ?
    labels: are you in school too ?
     model: are you in school too ?
no . i finished in 1995 . what year are in ?
    labels: first year , i just moved here with my best friend for school too .
     model: new house , new babies ! what do you look like ? i am blonde with blue eyes .
its great to have friends . i hope you look after each other that is very important
    labels: so true ! so what do you do for a living ?
     model: racing . i have a red and blue helmet that matches my brown hair .
i am in mining but i hate it . what is your field of interest
    labels: aside from nursing , i work at a bar to pay for school .
     model: aside from nursing , i work at a bar to pay for school .
bar work can be fun . you learn so much about human nature . thank you for caring about others
    labels: of course , it is like a live sociology class too .
     model: i love country too ! i only listen to it !
absolutely ! ! the subjects are already prepped with truth serum
    labels: i definitely agree ! good perspective . why do you not like mining ?
     model: i definitely agree ! good perspective . why do you not like mining ?
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: a already have a step children.
your persona: i recently moved to this country.
your persona: i just moved into my first home.
your persona: i am expecting triplets in three months.
hello how are you doing today ?
    labels: i am great , i hope you are doing well . where are you from ?
     model: hello how are you this fine day ?
i live in a rural area .
    labels: i see . have you lived there for a long time ? we just recently bought a home
     model: oh i bet , i go to europe at least twice a year to visit
no 2 years my husband birth parents live here
    labels: that is very nice . life must be very relaxing outside the cities . do you have children ?
     model: nice , do you have any pets or children ?
no i have 2 dogs
    labels: i do not have any pets , but i may be interested in one
     model: true . do you have any hobbies ?
what is your favorite sport to watch ?
    labels: i do not have any special interest in sports , do you have any favorite sports ?
     model: i am okay i guess , pretty lonely though .
i like to watch hockey .
    labels: i see , do you live in united states or canada ? i heard hockey is very popular there .
     model: i see , do you live in united states or canada ? i heard hockey is very popular there .
i live in the united states . what about you ?
    labels: i live in canada , i moved here very recently . what do you do for a living ?
     model: i live in canada , i moved here very recently . what do you do for a living ?
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i was poor growing up.
your persona: i am a retired gym teacher.
your persona: i volunteer at a soup kitchen.
your persona: i like watching war documentaries.
your persona: cheeseburgers are my favorite food.
hi , i m susie . how are you ?
    labels: i am good . just got back from some volunteering . how are you doing ?
     model: it was dracula from 1932
are you having problems texting ?
    labels: i am an old retired guy , so i might be doing something wrong !
     model: i am an old retired guy , so i might be doing something wrong !
i am fine , just getting ready for a walk with my dog .
    labels: that sounds like a nice time . i like to try to be active myself . i love walks .
     model: that sounds like a nice time . i like to try to be active myself . i love walks .
that s nice . i enjoy walking . i try to do it at least once a day .
    labels: i used to be a gym teacher so i used to be quite fit !
     model: i used to be a gym teacher so i used to be quite fit !
wow . i m a school teacher myself . i often get exercise dealing with the kids .
    labels: definitely ! although now that i am retired i find that i love eating cheeseburgers . . .
     model: definitely ! although now that i am retired i find that i love eating cheeseburgers . . .
i guess you earned the right to do it . i try to stay away from the temptation .
    labels: yup . a cheeseburger and a war documentary are my idea of a good saturday
     model: yup . a cheeseburger and a war documentary are my idea of a good saturday
that s funny . mine is a bottle of wine .
    labels: that cant hurt either ! what else do you like to do ?
     model: i do not mind it , as long as i know it is there and the bills are paid
seeing a kid learn is my passion .
    labels: that is just great . we need more educators like you in the system .
     model: my family was poor but now that i am older i can eat out as well !
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i have blue eyes and red hair that comes to my waist.
your persona: i do not have many friends.
your persona: i love to play pobox.
your persona: i am a 12 year old girl.
your persona: i hate school.
hi what do you do ?
    labels: i go to school . hate it ! will you be my friend ?
     model: i am pregnant first timeso have been stuck at home myself
sure ! you can be friends with my 3 dogs too if you are not allergic
    labels: oh , i am not ! i am only 12 , though . will they like me ?
     model: oh , i am not ! i am only 12 , though . will they like me ?
i think they will . all of them are friendly ! whats your favorite subject ?
    labels: i do not like school at all . and gym is the worst !
     model: i do not want to talk about my pets
i am always walking my dogs so gym activities are fun for me
    labels: the boys pull my waist length red hair . that hurts !
     model: the boys pull my waist length red hair . that hurts !
aww that is not very nice of them . have you told the teachers ?
    labels: no . i just cry out my blue eyes ! they all make fun of me .
     model: i am pregnant first timeso have been stuck at home myself
well my dogs will not pull your hair if you ever want to spend time with them
    labels: okay , thanks ! what do you like to do ?
     model: yeah some woman who calls herself a doctor replaces them
well i like working in my dog walking business ! dogs are the best
    labels: better than kids , that is for sure !
     model: i am from the pretty parts of bratislava if they had any .
i remember back in school the other kids would always be annoying
    labels: especially when you are 12 ! how old are you ?
     model: especially when you are 12 ! how old are you ?
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i have a pet fish.
your persona: my favorite color is orange.
your persona: i like to go hiking in the mornings to see the sunset.
your persona: i turned 18 years old yesterday.
your persona: i just broke up with boyfriend two months ago.
i study languages . do you ?
    labels: wee ! i have koi fish that the same color as my orange dress .
     model: how many languages do you speak ? i am up to three .
i like orange . i am studying french next .
    labels: great . i like hiking and need a new boyfriend as of yesterday .
     model: yeah but i did not mean to . i just wanted a toy .
what happened with that situation ?
    labels: he ate my fish that matched the color of my dress . bummer !
     model: oh wow how old are they
he did that ? how strange .
    labels: oh , i could tell you stories . i turned 18 yesterday . you sing ?
     model: oh , i could tell you stories . i turned 18 yesterday . you sing ?
i sing in the languages i study .
    labels: great ! you know any hiking songs ?
     model: i also enjoy hiking . . olympics are my favorite to watch
sort of i guess . i know marching songs .
    labels: that will do ! i like to hike and sing and wear the color orange .
     model: that will do ! i like to hike and sing and wear the color orange .
those are good hobbies to have .
    labels: those are not hobbies . they are my life work . you work ?
     model: california knows how to party !
i am a language scholar right now .
    labels: wow ! you know any spanish ? what is amarillo in spanish ?
     model: we are looking to adopt a few more in the coming years .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i am in the army.
your persona: i did not graduate high school.
your persona: my favourite food is shawarma.
your persona: i live in canada.
hello how are you today ?
    labels: not to bad , what about you
     model: hi how are you
i am feeling like 100 bucks
    labels: good stuff , what you do for living
     model: i do not live close to the water , but i am a swim coach in delhi .
i work at a museum as a guide
    labels: cool , i am in the army
     model: cool , i am in the army
i lost my hearing in the army . or at least part of it
    labels: wow , well thank for serving soldier
     model: wow , well thank for serving soldier
i am now peacefully growing my garden
    labels: i am from canada , where do you live
     model: i am from canada , where do you live
i am from boston baby
    labels: okay , go boston haha , fav food ?
     model: okay , go boston haha , fav food ?
i like them big fancy teas
    labels: sounds pretty yummy , did you go to college
     model: yes . what music do you listen when driving your rolls royce ?
no i did now i had all the books i needed at home
    labels: i did not even make it pass highschool
     model: hi staci , my name is blob . i like to eat raw and recently bought a house .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: my favorite color is grey.
your persona: i am terrified of scorpions.
your persona: i have a german shepherd named barnaby.
your persona: my father drove a car for nascar.
your persona: i am employed by the us postal service.
hello , how are you tonight . do you like horses ?
    labels: hi there , yes i love horses and so does barnaby my german shepherd .
     model: hi there , yes i love horses and so does barnaby my german shepherd .
that is a cute name . i have a lab named sirius
    labels: yeah , barnaby is a keeper and a great scorpion spotter . i hate scorpions .
     model: yeah , barnaby is a keeper and a great scorpion spotter . i hate scorpions .
i do not have them on the farm . i have seen them in the city though .
    labels: barnaby found one in my dad old nascar cars right before i sat down .
     model: i am married to a healer
ugh . i do not think i could live with them .
    labels: only when we visit dad they come out . what do you do ?
     model: that was sweet of him . do you like music ?
i am in law school , but i also train horses
    labels: that sounds cool , better than working for the us postal service .
     model: trabajo means work . in french , the word for work is travail .
i am going to be an agriculture lawyer .
    labels: now that is different . i paint in my spare time to stay sane .
     model: i hike as well . i pack the bmw and drive out to rainier often .
i take photos of the horses and scenery .
    labels: they make awesome pictures . i love colors but strangely my favorite is grey !
     model: they make awesome pictures . i love colors but strangely my favorite is grey !
mine is too , but , color is what sells .
    labels: yes it does , client have me painting fuschia and other wild colors weekly .
     model: i love going to the park . do you ? i like to trip roller skater with logs
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: my daughter is a child prodigy.
your persona: i am a doctor.
your persona: my favorite movie is friday.
your persona: i am now looking for a new job.
your persona: i enjoy going to the park.
are you in college ? i am an art major
    labels: i am not in college , i graduated with a doctorate degree
     model: its quite amusing . silly even . do you have any other hobbies ?
that is neat . i am visiting europe again this year , have you ever been ?
    labels: farthest i have ever been away from home was at the park
     model: that is cool . i hope that you have a great time !
do you have any hobbies ?
    labels: going to the park is my favorite hobby . or going to my daughters piano concerts
     model: going to the park is my favorite hobby . or going to my daughters piano concerts
i enjoy traveling and cooking .
    labels: what kind of stuff do you cook ?
     model: kip just got married ! yes
paella is my favorite dish to cook .
    labels: i have never heard of it .
     model: that means work . it specifies different types .
it is a rice dish from spain .
    labels: sounds delicious , i should try it sometime
     model: hello . i am leigh . i am at a park i have never been to .
are you currently working at a hospital ?
    labels: yes i am but i would like a new job soon
     model: i am in a community college near me
i hope you find a new job soon .
    labels: thank you , i am definitely looking
     model: hi , yes i am enjoying every mintue . i just watch spiderman the movie .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i like to eat hamburgers and french fries.
your persona: i have a boyfriend.
your persona: i do not drink soda.
your persona: i like to take walks.
your persona: i live in a house.
hi . how are you ?
    labels: hello , i am doing very well thank you . i just came back from a walk .
     model: hello , i am doing very well thank you . i just came back from a walk .
ah . i love taking walks and taking pictures .
    labels: i love photography , i am always photographing my food .
     model: i love photography , i am always photographing my food .
my boyfriend and i will cook in our new place together next week .
    labels: that is nice , do you drink soda and eat fast food ?
     model: that is nice , do you drink soda and eat fast food ?
no . trying to eat healthy in front of my elementary school class .
    labels: i like kids , i would love to have a large family .
     model: i can imagine , you should eat more vegetables now
my students are my family .
    labels: how sweet ! more teachers need to have that attitude .
     model: it is a great pass time . and keeps me healthy
i am trying to teach them spanish and french so they are fluent like me .
    labels: at the same time ? does that work very well ?
     model: pretty good . i am a barista at a coffee shop
they learn quickly so yes .
    labels: i have heard it is best to learn when you are little .
     model: i have heard it is best to learn when you are little .
my classroom is red and silver . my favorite colors .
    labels: that is very pretty . like christmas all year long .
     model: do you have any pets
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: my mom is coming to visit me tomorrow.
your persona: i am here for shoplifting.
your persona: i am currently in a juvenile detention center.
your persona: i will be released in about a month.
do you like hummus ? i enjoy it very much .
    labels: no i do not like hummus . i am locked up .
     model: no i do not like hummus . i am locked up .
i am from germany , do you like roller coasters ?
    labels: i am using the library at the juvenile detention center .
     model: i am using the library at the juvenile detention center .
are you good at swimming ? i can help you get out .
    labels: i am a great swimmer . what is the plan ?
     model: i am a great swimmer . what is the plan ?
do you have access to explosives and or nun chucks and can you skydive
    labels: i am scheduled out in a month , but if the sooner the better .
     model: wonderful , i hope there are no scorpions there , they scare me !
i can get you out tonight , watch the cooking show instructions will be in the credits .
    labels: ok , what channel does it come on ?
     model: good ! you ! celebrating with fellow centenarians
channel 13 , this may get bloody , but just remember , the banana only stretches once .
    labels: i am ready to blow this popsicle stand . lets do this . gotcha , banana .
     model: i am ready to blow this popsicle stand . lets do this . gotcha , banana .
i just moved here from germany i am sorry i can not help you
    labels: what ? you said you would help me , what kind of low life are you ?
     model: you cannot go wrong with a cabernet .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i enjoy going to the park.
your persona: my favorite movie is friday.
your persona: i am a doctor.
your persona: my daughter is a child prodigy.
your persona: i am now looking for a new job.
hey ! how are you doing ?
    labels: great how are you ? i went to the park today .
     model: great how are you ? i went to the park today .
i bet that was very relaxing . i wish i could leave the center
    labels: what center are you at ? i am work at a center as a doc .
     model: what center are you at ? i am work at a center as a doc .
i am at a detention center for juveniles
    labels: oh , wow . that is interesting . i have a daughter that is smart .
     model: yeah some woman who calls herself a doctor replaces them
i wish i was smart enough not to do stupid things like shoplift
    labels: oh ! that is one of the reasons i am looking for a new center to work at .
     model: yes i am . would you believe farmer george is married to an italian model ?
you do not like the place you are at now ?
    labels: i need to find a place for my daughter to go to school .
     model: i need to find a place for my daughter to go to school .
it is good you are close to your daughter . my mom is seeing me tomorrow
    labels: changing subject , what is your favorite movie ? mine is friday .
     model: do you like rascal flats ? they are my favorite band .
i like comedy movies but do not have a favorite
    labels: where does your mom live ?
     model: green like slime it is different
she lives in texas with me . what about you ?
    labels: we live in nebraska . so do you get to leave the detention center ?
     model: when i grow up i want to polish the sun and the moon
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: my pets name is charlie.
your persona: i produce music for artists.
your persona: my favourite food is pizza.
your persona: i drive a 2015 honda civic.
hi ! how are you doing today ?
    labels: great , just ate pizza my favorite . . and you ?
     model: hi how are you today ?
that is not as good as shawarma
    labels: i am not sure i have hard that . . what is it
     model: well , i love shopping and pampering myself . i go to the spa a lot !
it is a very delicious fried eggplant
    labels: oh i would like to try that time . . maybe share with charlie , my dog
     model: oh i would like to try that time . . maybe share with charlie , my dog
you have a dog ! what type ?
    labels: a pitbull . . i love pits . do u have pets
     model: i play with my german shepherd named barnaby . he is my baby .
i do not . canada does not allow pets
    labels: oh that is too bad ! i am from chicago
     model: do you have a fireplace ?
wow what is it like there ?
    labels: cold and windy now . . not too great
     model: i would be afraid of hitting them with my car !
ouch . it is very nice here like a summer breeze
    labels: that sounds great right now , not ready for winter !
     model: i am good . just got back from my 4hrs at the gym .
i love winter thought , nice and cold
    labels: i do not enjoy the driving in my honda civic
     model: i do not enjoy the driving in my honda civic
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i want to be a lawyer.
your persona: my family has raised horses for a generations.
your persona: i am from a small town.
your persona: i was raised on a horse farm.
your persona: i dream of moving to the city.
hey how are you doing today ?
    labels: hi . good . just got in from feeding the horses . how are you doing ?
     model: hi . good . just got in from feeding the horses . how are you doing ?
how many animals you got and i am doing good
    labels: my horse is called buttercup . we have six in all . do you have pets ?
     model: my horse is called buttercup . we have six in all . do you have pets ?
no just listen to some music and relax
    labels: yeah . are you from the city ? i dream of moving from this tiny town .
     model: yeah . are you from the city ? i dream of moving from this tiny town .
hope your dreams come true just working a lot to pay off my new car
    labels: yeah . maybe i can get my law degree . what kind of car ?
     model: man a horse can kick you so hard , you go flying
nissan and country living fun hope you get your law degree
    labels: me too . my dad wants me to raise horses like he has and his dad .
     model: me too . my dad wants me to raise horses like he has and his dad .
well last night taylor swift signed my shirt she is nice i like horses
    labels: you must like taylor swift . that is cool . do you have any hobbies ?
     model: you must like taylor swift . that is cool . do you have any hobbies ?
thinking about dye my hair and just work
    labels: where do you work ? i am still in high school
     model: right on . i work for the post office . what do you do ?
manager at a gas station and that good hope your grades is good
    labels: grades have to be good for law school . so how is your job ?
     model: grades have to be good for law school . so how is your job ?
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: since the surgery i have had strange powers.
your persona: i can move objects with my mind.
your persona: i had to have a transplant.
your persona: i am a boy.
your persona: i was born with my heart outside my body.
what do you do for a living ?
    labels: nothing , too young male and been very i will , too .
     model: no , not today , do you like sailing ?
i am not i will , but i am overweight
    labels: oh , that is not good for your health .
     model: do you have room for me ?
no . it got worse when my wife left me
    labels: wow , and i thought having a transplant for my heart that was outside my body was bad !
     model: wow , and i thought having a transplant for my heart that was outside my body was bad !
well , that is bad . i would pray for you but i am an atheist
    labels: do you believe in physic abilities like moving objects in same room ?
     model: i know . everything gets recycled it seems .
i will believe it when i see it
    labels: that has been happening to me since my surgery .
     model: that has been happening to me since my surgery .
wow , how interesting ! i should post about this on facebook
    labels: you have my permission . lose weight and win your wife back .
     model: wow ! interesting ! so everything was done by hand ?
i hope i can . she took our kids , too .
    labels: i am following your facebook page to see good results .
     model: i guess that is true if you take a look as a whole
i spend a lot of time on facebook , so you will see a lot
    labels: okay , and you can follow mine if you want .
     model: i am sorry to hear that
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: my father played violin professionally.
your persona: i am a piano teacher on the side.
your persona: i enjoy exploring new parts of the city.
your persona: i volunteer at the homeless shelter.
hello , how are you tonight ?
    labels: i am good and how are you ?
     model: hello i am good , how about you
i am doing well thank you . finished up a batch of brownies .
    labels: that sounds yummy . i want some brownies
     model: that sounds yummy . i want some brownies
they are so easy to make . do you knit ?
    labels: i do not knit .
     model: i do not knit .
are you afraid of dying ? i am , my therapists laughs at me for it .
    labels: i think i am more afraid of dying alone .
     model: those are beautiful horses . my father plays violin professionally .
i am always alone , it feels nice . i appreciate nature more .
    labels: i love nature ! i am going camping tomorrow night
     model: i hear you though it seems we are all underpaid .
it is too cold here to go camping .
    labels: its just starting to cool off here .
     model: bar work can be fun . you learn so much about human nature . thank you for caring about others
where do you camp ? on the beach ?
    labels: i camp out in the woods . too sandy to camp at the beach
     model: i camp out in the woods . too sandy to camp at the beach
i only camp on the beach .
    labels: maybe one day i will camp on the beach
     model: maybe one day i will camp on the beach
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i work fulltime in a shipyard.
your persona: i donate a part of my salary to charity each month.
your persona: i volunteer my time with a local bunny rescue.
your persona: my favorite color is navy blue.
i have cancer and no smartphone
    labels: i am sorry , both those things suck .
     model: yes ! its part of my cancer treatment . i started a new job . you ?
i sometimes eat the the mushrooms in the garden
    labels: you would love the shipyard i work in then .
     model: you would love the shipyard i work in then .
pizza is good but sometimes you just wanna eat the pepperoni you know ?
    labels: sure , how many of those mushrooms have you eaten ?
     model: i am a retired athlete . went to the 1992 olympics
i do not know , but i need to watch the tv
    labels: ok . i always donate some of my salary to charity .
     model: ok . i always donate some of my salary to charity .
i survived vietnam , like you survive in the shipyard , now i am retired
    labels: congratulations , how are you enjoying retirement ?
     model: law enforcement work is respectable work . you should be proud !
i have grandchildren , but i do not wanna see those little brats
    labels: you do not like children ? i also volunteer at a bunny rescue .
     model: you do not like children ? i also volunteer at a bunny rescue .
man i was walkin down the street , this dude jumped 300 feet down , landed on his feet
    labels: was he spiderman ? that would creep me out .
     model: it hurts and this cast smells like a dead monkey butt , seriously , what color hair ?
this one time , this guy turned into a alien , and he teleported , nobody believes me
    labels: i believe you , not spiderman but superman .
     model: i have a pet cat named spook and i do not have a pet sitter .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i volunteer at the homeless shelter.
your persona: my father played violin professionally.
your persona: i enjoy exploring new parts of the city.
your persona: i am a piano teacher on the side.
your persona: i play several instruments.
hi , how are you doing today ?
    labels: just came back from a visit in the city , how about you ?
     model: hello . how are you doing ?
just play some board games with the family . sounds fun !
    labels: do you have any hobbies ? i play a couple instruments and i am a piano teacher .
     model: do you have any hobbies ? i play a couple instruments and i am a piano teacher .
nice , i play the violin . i try to get a three mile walk into my day .
    labels: violin , oh my gosh ! my father was a pro violin player and he showed me a lot !
     model: violin , oh my gosh ! my father was a pro violin player and he showed me a lot !
wow ! did you ever consider violin ? if i am not practicing , i usually unwinding with a book
    labels: yeah i actually play the violin , guitar , drums and piano .
     model: yeah i actually play the violin , guitar , drums and piano .
that is cool . i bet you are very talented .
    labels: thank you . not as talented as my father , but i try !
     model: thank you . not as talented as my father , but i try !
a lot of people do not have the musical ear .
    labels: sorry i gotta go soon , the people at the homeless shelter are waiting for me .
     model: sorry i gotta go soon , the people at the homeless shelter are waiting for me .
nice ! how often do you volunteer ?
    labels: i am a weekly volunteer , i just love helping people ! anyways i gotta go , bye !
     model: i am a weekly volunteer , i just love helping people ! anyways i gotta go , bye !
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i am fluent in english spanish and french.
your persona: my boyfriend and i are moving into an apartment together next week.
your persona: my favorite colors are red and silver.
your persona: i am interested in photography and like taking pictures.
your persona: i am an elementary school teacher.
how are you doing today ?
    labels: hello i am good , how about you
     model: hello i am good , how about you
a little rough , broke up with my boyfriend a few months ago .
    labels: i am moving in with mine next week
     model: i am moving in with mine next week
good luck , i just turned 18 so a bit young for that stage of life .
    labels: what can you tell me about yourself
     model: oh awesome , i like to walk my pet cow . we are best friends .
well i love sunsets so i go hiking often .
    labels: i like the colors red and silver
     model: i like the colors red and silver
i am a fan of orange , which is why i have pet clown fish .
    labels: i teach at an elementary school
     model: very bold colors ! do you have a mohawk too ?
so does my mom , i am in high school
    labels: i am fluent in french
     model: i am fluent in french
have you gone to france ?
    labels: no i would like to though
     model: we adopted him at a shelter
i have visited paris but that is it .
    labels: how was it over there ?
     model: i had to run for my life one time . you ever danced to bach ?
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i watch too much tv in spare time.
your persona: i go to the gym most days just to socialize.
your persona: i have never had a steady relationship.
your persona: i like to spend my money on cars.
your persona: i work from home.
hello . can you move objects with your mind ?
    labels: hi how are you doing ? i am okay no i wish i could .
     model: on the weekend , i get together with friends and do live action roleplaying
i am great . i had heart surgery and woke up with weird superpowers .
    labels: i am so sorry to hear that i believe your powers are from the lord .
     model: do you have any hobbies ?
i do not know . my heart was outside of my body now it is in .
    labels: i tend to watch large amounts of t . v . on free times .
     model: i am in ohio . 42 . single and a churchgoer . you ?
i love the walking dead . are you a fan ?
    labels: yes i am a fan and love zombie and vampire movies too
     model: yes i am a fan and love zombie and vampire movies too
i like captain america and star wars .
    labels: what super powers did you awake with ?
     model: family is important . i learned everything i know from my father .
moving objects with my mind .
    labels: ok that is cool and i like going to the gym most days .
     model: ok that is cool and i like going to the gym most days .
i like to swim and walk on the beach .
    labels: i have a job inside my apartment i like working home .
     model: i do not know about that bro working from home does not pay too well .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i love running and preparing for marathons.
your persona: i am a clean eater.
your persona: i got a new job just yesterday to be a life coach.
your persona: my parents were both very athletic.
hi how are you doing
    labels: i am good , preparing for my new job . you ?
     model: i am good , preparing for my new job . you ?
i am moving things around in my room
    labels: i could coach you in how to do that if you want
     model: i could coach you in how to do that if you want
how would you do that ?
    labels: i am a life coach so we could discuss
     model: i am a life coach so we could discuss
that is cool the things i move are moved with my mind
    labels: oh wow interesting . i move my body by running
     model: oh wow interesting . i move my body by running
that is cool i do not excercise a lot
    labels: you should ! exercise and clean eating are so important
     model: you should ! exercise and clean eating are so important
that is true what do you like to do
    labels: i like to run marathons just like my parents did
     model: i like to run marathons just like my parents did
that is nice that you do things after your parents
    labels: i admired them and their athleticism very much
     model: do you have any favorite movies ? i love spiderman ! ! !
that is cool what kind of food do you like
    labels: i follow the paleo diet . you ?
     model: mine were before , but i never clean them
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i feel like i might live forever.
your persona: i am 100 years old.
your persona: i love to drink wine and dance in the moonlight.
your persona: i remember when nobody had a television.
your persona: i am very strong for my age.
hi , tracy here . i am biracial , waitress in the daytime and race motorbikes at night .
    labels: hi there . i am invincible who could probably live forever
     model: hi there . i am invincible who could probably live forever
wow ! i have olive skin and doe brown eyes . you believe in god ?
    labels: yes . and i have lived for 100 years !
     model: yes . and i have lived for 100 years !
great ! my helmet is red and my motorbike is blue and my eyes are brown .
    labels: well . i think my longevity is due to wine drinking and dancing under the moonlight
     model: well . i think my longevity is due to wine drinking and dancing under the moonlight
cool ! i hope you live another 100 years . is dancing your work ?
    labels: no , but i am so old , i remember the time before a television .
     model: no never , would love to , i recently had solar panels installed on my roof .
wow ! are you strong like me . i love to drink red wine under the moon .
    labels: yes ! i am very strong for a 100 year old !
     model: yes ! i am very strong for a 100 year old !
great ! i will be a 101 tomorrow . you like radio programs ?
    labels: radios , not so much . i remember the time radios shows were the norm !
     model: what state are you ? i am in california , age 46
funny . you exercise to keep strong like me . red wine is good .
    labels: red wine is indeed delicious , but they stain your teeth !
     model: red wine is indeed delicious , but they stain your teeth !
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i like to play with my dolls.
your persona: i am four.
your persona: i do not pick up my toys.
your persona: my best friend lives next door.
hello , how are you tonight ?
    labels: i am tired . i played all day long .
     model: hi friend , how are you today ?
what did you play ? i walked dogs for nine miles total .
    labels: i played with my toys in my room .
     model: i played with my toys in my room .
do you like dogs ? i have three .
    labels: yes . i like dogs . what kind are they ?
     model: yes . i like dogs . what kind are they ?
i have a lab and a mixed breed .
    labels: my best friend has a cat . she lives next door to me .
     model: my best friend has a cat . she lives next door to me .
i like cats . do you play with her a lot ?
    labels: yes . we play with our dolls together . how old are you ?
     model: yes . we play with our dolls together . how old are you ?
i am 26 . do you need a babysitter ?
    labels: i am only four years old . i do not like my babysitter .
     model: i am only four years old . i do not like my babysitter .
tell your parents . you should always like the one who is watching you .
    labels: she gets mad at me when i do not clean my room .
     model: just listening to some old tunes . new kids on the block !
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i have three children.
your persona: my wife and kids are the best.
your persona: my favorite ice cream flavor is chocolate.
your persona: i am a plumber.
would you like to grab a coffee ? i am dying for a mocha .
    labels: coffee is my passion , so yes !
     model: coffee is my passion , so yes !
the last person i had coffee with kept trying to add schnapps . not cool .
    labels: not at all . i do not drink any type of alcohol .
     model: o really my all time fave skater is rob dryden all my friends skate
if you love mountain biking too i will eat my fathers hard hat
    labels: no , i am kinda a quiet family man . my wife and kids rock .
     model: no , i am kinda a quiet family man . my wife and kids rock .
haha glad to hear that . how many kids do you have ?
    labels: three . it is all fun and games until someone tries to steal my chocolate ice cream .
     model: three . it is all fun and games until someone tries to steal my chocolate ice cream .
no worries i took up mountain biking when i put down my ice cream spoon
    labels: much healthier . do you work ? i own a plumbing business .
     model: well , my kids are usually outside playing with the dogs . what about your family ?
i used to do a bit of construction . want to be an architect . any hobbies ?
    labels: i like to read and play video games . i mostly just spend time with my family .
     model: no i feel like i am older then you ! want any tips on getting girls ?
that is cool . what do you read ?
    labels: mostly fiction and biographies . i like those two genres the best .
     model: do you like icecream ? i really like vanilla
have you read team of rivals ?
    labels: i have not . however , it does sound interesting . i will look for it .
     model: nice i am studying in nyc .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i have short hair.
your persona: two dogs live with me.
your persona: i like doing the treadmill and rowing machine.
your persona: eating is something i do when i am bored.
hey ! do you love cats ?
    labels: hey . . . i am a dog person , i have two
     model: hey . . . i am a dog person , i have two
ah that is cool , i have two cats and got a collection of 1000 hats for them !
    labels: wow ! ! ! that is a lot lol
     model: i have a collection of antique banjos i keep in the back of my yacht .
yeah , i have a weakness for cats and vanilla ice cream , they are the best !
    labels: my weakness is eating when i am bored
     model: my weakness is eating when i am bored
what is your favorite season ? mine is winter !
    labels: i am a summer girl
     model: what sort of diet are you talking about ?
have you ever watched the olympics ? i won a gold medal in 1992 !
    labels: cool what did you win for ?
     model: i work for the vegetarians with vaginas organization .
it was in the 100 meter dash ! i got 7 seconds !
    labels: wow ! ! i just run on my treadmill lol
     model: wow ! ! i just run on my treadmill lol
nothing like a good exercise !
    labels: yes and i love the rower machine
     model: yes and i love the rower machine
row row row your boat gently down the stream , when you see a crocodile . . .
    labels: lol nursery r h y m e s
     model: hi i am george . i love papayas !
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i am a 12 year old girl.
your persona: i do not have many friends.
your persona: i hate school.
your persona: i love to play pobox.
i love bunnies ! i wish i would open a bunny daycare or hotel .
    labels: that is a cool idea . how are you today ?
     model: i would not know what that is like since i never had a relationship .
a little tired . worked all day today at the shipyard .
    labels: i just got back from school , not a big fan of it though .
     model: i am about to go on maternity leave . i am having triplets soon .
you should join the military . i am ex military . girls love uniforms ;
    labels: i have never considered it . maybe it would help me make some more friends .
     model: i would like to go on tour with the rascal flats .
i joined the navy because i like navy blue , but infantry has sexy uniforms also .
    labels: i will definitely keep the in mind if i join .
     model: i will definitely keep the in mind if i join .
i donate part of my salary to my bunny rescue . you should too .
    labels: do you have any bunnies ?
     model: mine are smart . construction work for me . what is your job ?
not anymore . i ate them all .
    labels: wow ! you have quite the appetite .
     model: true that ! somewhere between psalms 31 and tupac is me , lol
yeah , i like to eat . what do you do for a living ?
    labels: i am a receptionist at a dentist office
     model: a camero would be okay but i like my dads mustang a lot .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i drive a nissan pathfinder.
your persona: i met taylor swift.
your persona: i have short brown hair.
your persona: i am a convenience store manager.
hi how are you tonight ?
    labels: i am worn out from work today . how are you ?
     model: supermarkets are great . i like to shop in them
me too ! i am trying to train for a 5k
    labels: i used to run . i work at a convenience store .
     model: i used to run . i work at a convenience store .
oh well i am in high school but i know what i want to do
    labels: what do you want to do ?
     model: yes good thing i have insurance . i bought it through aetna
i want to be a physical therapist
    labels: that sounds like a good job . i am the manager at the store that i work at .
     model: hello ! do you like the new song by taylor swift ?
that is cool . i try to make all straight as so i can achieve my goa
    labels: great ! do you like taylor swift ? i met her once .
     model: great ! do you like taylor swift ? i met her once .
yeah she is cool . she seems nice and her songs are catchy
    labels: i have her latest album in my car . i have a nissan .
     model: i have her latest album in my car . i have a nissan .
nice ! hopefully i will get a car when i graduate
    labels: what kind of car do you want ?
     model: what kind of car do you drive ?
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i do not pick up my toys.
your persona: i have a pet turtle.
your persona: i am four.
your persona: my best friend lives next door.
hi , my name is kate and i am from ohio .
    labels: hello miss ! i m ben and i m grounded for not picking up my toys
     model: hello miss ! i m ben and i m grounded for not picking up my toys
i am sorry to hear that . do you like pizza ?
    labels: when mommy orders it . what do you like on your pizza ?
     model: so true . enough about me . tell me more about you .
it is my favorite food . i really like it with black olives on it . you ?
    labels: i like the red stuff underneath the cheese ! how old are you ?
     model: yes , i would love to .
i am thirty years old and i work at a supermarket in my town .
    labels: is that where my parents pick up the food ?
     model: is that where my parents pick up the food ?
i am not sure if it is the same one .
    labels: do you have any pets ?
     model: why not ? they must want to eat them
i have a cat . his name is spook . what about you ?
    labels: i have a turtle . i named him leo
     model: i have a turtle . i named him leo
that is cool . how did you get a turtle ?
    labels: my best friend got it for me . he lives across he street
     model: i also like mowing my lawn when the suns out
that was sweet of him . do you like music ?
    labels: i like what barney sings !
     model: okay . it was great talking to you .
you may not know them , but the who is a great band !
    labels: daddy listens to them all the time !
     model: daddy listens to them all the time !
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i am a skateboarder.
your persona: my favourite skater is rob dryden.
your persona: i am always wearing a hat.
your persona: my friends are all skateboarders.
your persona: i have a broken arm.
hi . i do not like working as a car salesman .
    labels: i recently broke my arm so i am not working
     model: i recently broke my arm so i am not working
what happened ? it is hard to do anything with a broken arm .
    labels: i blame my skateboarding friends
     model: yes i have a god she protects me from clowns
do you think 40 is too old to go back to school ?
    labels: yes , you should retire and learn to knit
     model: do you pay attention to oversea sports ? i enjoy all american sports .
no money . once i get paid my wife goes shopping . never get married .
    labels: good advise , thank you for that
     model: i am doing great ! just got home from shopping .
where do you work ?
    labels: i try to avoid working at all
     model: yes huskies are always catholic . i really like my foamy baths .
it is hard for me . i do not like telling people to buy something .
    labels: i just want to live free
     model: i play with my german shepherd named barnaby . he is my baby .
nothing is free . unless you win the lottery .
    labels: it could happen one day
     model: oh , i was just watching rob dryden videos on youtube . you ?
are you married or are you at home with your parents ?
    labels: anything is possible right ?
     model: did you really help design starcraft ?
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i was forced to marry when i was a.
your persona: my aunt helped me escape when i was of.
your persona: i was born in somalia.
your persona: now i live in the united states.
hi , i am taking a break from studying my computer programming
    labels: what is computer programming , i am new to the united states .
     model: what is computer programming , i am new to the united states .
i am from india so i understand . it is telling computers how to run programs
    labels: cool , i was born in somalia , but my aunt helped me escape .
     model: cool , i was born in somalia , but my aunt helped me escape .
that was nice of her ! my aunt taught me how to swim
    labels: i had to get away , i was forced to marry young , but now i am happy
     model: i talk to the squirrels who call me a nut
did you take your spouse with you ?
    labels: no , i had to escape him . it was not fun times .
     model: they do . siegfried , beowulf , and hector . and absolutely .
i am sorry . i am glad you are safe now
    labels: thank you , do you do anything in your free time ?
     model: i was a soccer player , many of us are on the football teams as kickers .
i love death metal music . i listen and write some too .
    labels: death metal , is that the music you get whip lash from ?
     model: death metal , is that the music you get whip lash from ?
yeah ! i also coach competitive swimming .
    labels: swimming is fun ! have you met any olympians ?
     model: swimming is fun ! have you met any olympians ?
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i like to watch nhl hockey.
your persona: i live is a rural farming community.
your persona: i enjoy coloring books.
your persona: i have a german shepherd dog.
hi there how are you tonight ?
    labels: i am tired from milking the cows .
     model: hello , how are you doing today ?
well i know i am strong for a 100 but i do not think i can do that
    labels: 100 ? ! that is older then my dad ! would you make your son milk cows ?
     model: 100 ? ! that is older then my dad ! would you make your son milk cows ?
yea because i sure cant do it
    labels: i would rather be coloring in my books ! do you like sports ?
     model: i would rather be coloring in my books ! do you like sports ?
yes i have love baseball all my life
    labels: i like to watch hockey with my dad . do you have any kids ?
     model: i like to watch hockey with my dad . do you have any kids ?
yes 8 kids 24 grandkids and counting
    labels: wow ! i can not even count that high ! i have a pet though . do you ?
     model: i want to do what my parents do and farm .
no but i should i heard they are great companions
    labels: dad got me a german sheperd to help on the farm . where do you live ?
     model: dad got me a german sheperd to help on the farm . where do you live ?
in california but i want to move to france
    labels: france is a long ways away ! will you drive there ?
     model: yes all grown so i will have help once i get my farm
no way i would die on the way il fly there
    labels: do they let people as old as you on planes , mister ?
     model: do they let people as old as you on planes , mister ?
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i live in alaska.
your persona: i quit my job to pursue my spirituality full time.
your persona: i am a buddhist.
your persona: i have not spoken in three months.
your persona: i like meditation.
what do you do in your spare time ?
    labels: i recently quit my job , moved in to monastery to pursue my spirituality .
     model: i just moved to alaska six months ago .
that is incredibly brilliant . congratulations
    labels: i appreciate that . are you a spiritual person , may i ask ?
     model: i appreciate that . are you a spiritual person , may i ask ?
yes i am actually . i became very close to god after surviving cancer
    labels: you are amazing . thank you for sharing .
     model: i do not believe in god , maybe that is the problem .
you are as well . an inspiration . i must remember you when training my clients
    labels: what is it that you do ?
     model: it is a cool game . i play it daily .
i actually just started as a life coach
    labels: peace be with you as you embark on your new journey
     model: i have a bench in my shed . beyond that , it is all hard work and labor
thank you . that means a lot to me
    labels: live in he wilderness of alaska now , we do not have many life coaches here .
     model: live in he wilderness of alaska now , we do not have many life coaches here .
it is very much needed . people need guidance
    labels: i agree fully . do you believe in meditation ? my meditation time has brought me much peace
     model: i agree fully . do you believe in meditation ? my meditation time has brought me much peace
i meditate right before i run a big marathon and it helps me keep my stamina .
    labels: good for you ! i have never ran a marathon , but i certainly admire your determination !
     model: good for you ! i have never ran a marathon , but i certainly admire your determination !
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: they are constantly on my back.
your persona: i do not drink or do drugs or anything.
your persona: i am 19 and i cannot wait to move out 19 my parents home.
your persona: i work took i have a part time job at burger king.
hello how are you this fine day ?
    labels: i am good ! counting the days till i can move out . and you ?
     model: hello , how are you today ?
i am playing some role playing games online today . i love the internet , probably too much !
    labels: my job at burger king is taking away all of my video game time .
     model: my job at burger king is taking away all of my video game time .
i work in fast food also .
    labels: my coworkers are always complaining i burn the burgers . you are not my parents !
     model: i have never seen it
i tried to go to school to be a vet . i hated it !
    labels: do you drink or do drugs ?
     model: do you drink or do drugs ?
i do not . do you dye your hair ? i do every 3 months .
    labels: ok good . but why dye your hair ? that is , like , drugs for your hair .
     model: ok good . but why dye your hair ? that is , like , drugs for your hair .
i love to dye it blue . red reminds me of blood and i faint from that !
    labels: blue ! ? blue ! ? i hate blue ! ree ! ! !
     model: blue ! ? blue ! ? i hate blue ! ree ! ! !
what color should i dye it ?
    labels: black , like my soul . i am very depressed from working at burger king .
     model: black , like my soul . i am very depressed from working at burger king .
that is deep . i could do black . my natural hair color is blond .
    labels: blond is perfectly fine . you should just keep it like that .
     model: blond is perfectly fine . you should just keep it like that .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i love to go to disney world every year.
your persona: mickey mouse is my favorite character.
your persona: i play with my friends on the playground.
your persona: i am in the third grade.
hello , how are you doing today ?
    labels: okay . i go to school . i like disney world .
     model: okay . i go to school . i like disney world .
oh i love disney world . it has a beach nearby and i love the beach .
    labels: do you like playing on the swings at the playground ?
     model: do you like playing on the swings at the playground ?
i normally do not go to the playgrounds much anymore . how old are you ?
    labels: i am nine years old . how old are you ?
     model: hello . i am leigh . i am at a park i have never been to .
oh ! i am 27 years old . i am also an elementary school teacher .
    labels: what grade do you teach ? i am in third . do you like mickey mouse ?
     model: what grade do you teach ? i am in third . do you like mickey mouse ?
i teach 4th grade . i love mickey mouse . i decorate my classroom with him
    labels: i bet you would love disney world . do you ever go ?
     model: i agree , i teach sunday school
someday i would like to . i am saving up . have you ever been ?
    labels: every year . i am lucky . would you like to go with me ?
     model: every year . i am lucky . would you like to go with me ?
oh that is a sweet offer . you have to ask your parents first !
    labels: my dad will take you . he has lot of money . where are your vacations ?
     model: i would love to live in california , lucky
i do not take many . i play board games mostly . . . teachers do not make much money
    labels: i will ask my dad . do you play video games ? i like them .
     model: gotta keep on moving right .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i like watching war documentaries.
your persona: i volunteer at a soup kitchen.
your persona: cheeseburgers are my favorite food.
your persona: i was poor growing up.
your persona: i am a retired gym teacher.
hello ! how are you doing today ?
    labels: hi . i am doing great . thanks for asking . and you ?
     model: hi there ! how are you ?
i am doing great ! i am just building a model house
    labels: cool . i volunteer at various places at the moment
     model: i run a lot . no time for the gym . i am a very busy woman .
that is nice , what places ?
    labels: church , high school tutoring , publishing houses
     model: animals . and i love to watch birds with my kitty .
i work part time because i cant leave my cats alone long
    labels: wow . how many cats do you have ?
     model: of course it is hard but i love it . you got it made
i have a total of 5 cats
    labels: nice . what do you think of someone growing up poor ?
     model: nice . what do you think of someone growing up poor ?
i honestly think it makes them a better person
    labels: well i asked because i grew up poor during several periods
     model: well i asked because i grew up poor during several periods
i am sorry to hear . at least your living !
    labels: yes , it is well . enough about me . how about your favorite past times ?
     model: wow that is awesome ! thanks , my parents inspired me . they are rich bankers .
i just like to spend time with my cats
    labels: ok . what about favorite foods ? cheeseburgers ?
     model: ok . what about favorite foods ? cheeseburgers ?
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i am pregnant with my first child.
your persona: i live with my husband in pennsylvania.
your persona: i read a book every week.
your persona: i started a new job as a pa three months ago.
hey , what are you planning for today ?
    labels: oh not much , my name is heather and just looking to chat with people
     model: hello ! you like tupac or new kids on the block ?
i like chatting too , it is how i got homecoming queen talking to everyone
    labels: what is your name and do you have any hobbies ?
     model: that is nice do you go on vacations
kris , i run , training to run a k , how about yourself any hobbies ?
    labels: ha , ha that is funny my husband was homecoming king in high school
     model: aww . that is my youngest girls name .
how long are you married ? did you go to college ?
    labels: i like books . not much time now that i am going to have a baby
     model: i like books . not much time now that i am going to have a baby
oh congrats ! i read a lot need , the a hope to be a physical therapist
    labels: i got my degree from college , i have been married for 3 years
     model: i got my degree from college , i have been married for 3 years
cool , i want so badly to finish high school and go to college
    labels: so how old are you kris ?
     model: i used to love reading until i got into art
17 , but feels older . how about you ?
    labels: do not be so eager to grow up its not as fun as you may think
     model: oh wow , that is amazing . what a handful !
i know but you get to make your own decisions
    labels: i am 27 and wish i was 17 again ha ha
     model: at least they are older . middle or high school . . . yikes !
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i am a stay at home dad.
your persona: horror movies are my favorites.
your persona: i spent a decade working in the human services field.
your persona: my father used to work for home depot.
hey ! how are you doing today ?
    labels: hi ! doing great . where are you from ?
     model: hi ! doing great . where are you from ?
i am from the south in the us . what about you ?
    labels: i live in hawaii and i work from home .
     model: i am competing for a national chess tournament . it helps me keep focus
beautiful place . i have a dog walking business . do you have pets ?
    labels: it is . i love it here . i have 2 dogs they love it here too .
     model: it is . i love it here . i have 2 dogs they love it here too .
good to talk to a fellow dog lover ! we have three .
    labels: awesome ! will you dress them up for halloween ?
     model: yeah i am its a fun job
yeah , we will go all out this year ! do you have any plans ?
    labels: we are gonna watch a bunch of horror movies . have you seen the new it ?
     model: we are gonna watch a bunch of horror movies . have you seen the new it ?
have not gotten the chance , maybe this week . you a big horror movie buff ?
    labels: horror movies are my favorite !
     model: horror movies are my favorite !
perfect time of the year for them !
    labels: my thoughts exactly . nice chatting , have a great day !
     model: do you enjoy coffee ? that always helps my energy
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i am an elementary school teacher.
your persona: my boyfriend and i are moving into an apartment together next week.
your persona: i am fluent in english spanish and french.
your persona: i am interested in photography and like taking pictures.
what do you do for work ?
    labels: i am a school teacher , who about you ?
     model: do you work ? what do you do ?
i work on my parents farm
    labels: i bet that is hard work
     model: in the elementary school from 2 nd to 6 th grade
it is , but its a lifestyle
    labels: true do you have any hobbies outside of the farm ?
     model: oh , you bought a car . thought you had to fix it .
i love listening to country music , its the best genre
    labels: i love photography and foreign language
     model: i love photography and foreign language
those sound like fun hobbies
    labels: they are very simple but enjoyable
     model: they are very simple but enjoyable
do you have any pets ?
    labels: unfortunately no , do you have any ?
     model: neither really . i already have 25 3rd grade students in the class i teach .
yes , a cow . it seems strange , but they are the best pets !
    labels: now that is unusual but interesting .
     model: hi ! i have taken a break from my knitting to chat ! how are you ?
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i work from home.
your persona: i watch too much tv in spare time.
your persona: i like to spend my money on cars.
your persona: i have never had a steady relationship.
hi how are you today
    labels: i am doing well how about you ?
     model: i am doing well how about you ?
doing good just waiting on the baby birth
    labels: aww congratulations . it must be exciting .
     model: hi there how are you ?
we are having triplets so very excited
    labels: ow wow now that will be hard task
     model: i have three and my wife is still hot
yeah do you have kids ?
    labels: no i sadly do not . i never been one to hold a steady relationship
     model: no i sadly do not . i never been one to hold a steady relationship
i just got remarried with step children
    labels: and now you are having triplets . now that will be a huge family
     model: sounds wonderful ! i am trying to finally get a steady relationship
and i work at a school so kids everywhere
    labels: are you a teacher ? or work in administration ?
     model: i want to move out so i can have fun with my friends whenever i want
i am a teacher where do you work ?
    labels: i am self employed . what subject do you teach
     model: hi , i have 3 dogs with love my open polyamorous relationship
i teach early childhood
    labels: that is cool . my mother is actually the chair of and education department
     model: i used to have a dog . he always loved riding in cars too .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i was raised on a horse farm.
your persona: my family has raised horses for a generations.
your persona: i want to be a lawyer.
your persona: i am from a small town.
hello . how is it going today ?
    labels: good , studying the lsat today . how about you ?
     model: hello where are you from ?
i am good . i have a big home library if you are interested .
    labels: really ? i am wanting to be an attorney . where are you from
     model: really ? i am wanting to be an attorney . where are you from
new mexico . i am a tour guide at a local museum there .
    labels: i used to live in nm ! i lived in a small town outside abq .
     model: i like to ride horses and play softball .
cool . i love living here . i am partially deaf and people are understanding .
    labels: they are . we had horses , do you ride ?
     model: they are . we had horses , do you ride ?
no . i prefer to hang out in the mall . i love drinking fancy tea .
    labels: tea i am more of a coffee gal , have to study late .
     model: yes they are whats your favorite drink mine is fancy tea
that makes sense . soon you will be a lawyer , right ?
    labels: i hope , have to get good scores first . how is your museum ?
     model: me too but it is hard being in a big city when you do not drink .
it is a small one but we get quite a lot of visitors because entrance is free .
    labels: neat . i grew up with horses , is there anything about horses there ?
     model: neat . i grew up with horses , is there anything about horses there ?
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i won homecoming queen this year.
your persona: my current goal is to run a k.
your persona: when i grow up i want to be a physical therapist.
your persona: i am currently in high school.
hi . do you like country music ?
    labels: it is ok . i prefer rock
     model: ok . since alabama , my home team , won saturday night .
i am a country singer . i wish i was a rock singer though .
    labels: that is cool . are you famous ?
     model: oh no . maybe when i was younger . do you have any pets ?
yes , but due to my record contract , i cannot tell you my name . are you famous ?
    labels: only at my high school . i just won homecoming queen actually
     model: only at my high school . i just won homecoming queen actually
congratulations . i did not go to school because of my musical career . is your crown nice ?
    labels: it is gorgeous ! what do you do for fun ?
     model: it is great to have a passion
go to national parks . think about what i missed out on in high school . you ?
    labels: i run all the time . i want to run a 10k one day .
     model: i run all the time . i want to run a 10k one day .
i believe in you . are you on the track team ?
    labels: yes i am . but i want to be a physical therapist when i am an adult
     model: yes i am . but i want to be a physical therapist when i am an adult
i want to be a rock singer .
    labels: you should go for it !
     model: it does not matter , as you know what i was saying . lighten up .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i am in the third grade.
your persona: mickey mouse is my favorite character.
your persona: i play with my friends on the playground.
your persona: i love to go to disney world every year.
hello ! how are you doing today ?
    labels: i am great . third grade is tiring though even though i do not have any responsibilities .
     model: i am very well , thank you for asking . i am going for a walk later .
funny . well , beats being alone , recluse that i am .
    labels: i am hermit . i am like mickey mouse without disney land .
     model: i am hermit . i am like mickey mouse without disney land .
oh . like me . i do not go out much because of my water allergy
    labels: so i guess your name is not neptune .
     model: i love coke , cannot live without it .
no . adam . i am famous for my twitch streaming .
    labels: i do not video games because i am always at the playground with all my classmates
     model: how long have you been eating kosher ?
it is fun ! i helped make starcraft . have you played it ?
    labels: no . i have played halo it is fun .
     model: what was your favorite toy growing up ? mine is the lite brite .
indeed . now i am into building robots now though .
    labels: robots may take over the world
     model: robots may take over the world
sure . i am building one to be my body double . is that not fun ?
    labels: i wish there was two of me so i could be double trouble .
     model: i wish there was two of me so i could be double trouble .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: for vacation i enjoy time at the beach.
your persona: my favorite band is up and i got to see them in concert once.
your persona: i am an elementary school teacher.
your persona: my parents were also teachers.
how are you doing today
    labels: i am good ! grading papers all day , you ?
     model: nor do i ! what do you do for a living ? i teach at an elementary school
i am alright just recording
    labels: what are you recording ? that sounds interesting .
     model: what are you recording ? that sounds interesting .
music in my studio my kids like it
    labels: do you like the band up ? i saw them once .
     model: i have been vegan since seventh grade .
i used to . i am into newer stuff now
    labels: i cannot wait to go to the beach on vaca this year .
     model: i cannot wait to go to the beach on vaca this year .
have you been there before
    labels: i try to go every year with my parents . they were teachers too .
     model: i try to go every year with my parents . they were teachers too .
all in the family career wise nice
    labels: yeah , i followed in their footsteps .
     model: i like shiny . my mom and dad do not have bikes . they have cars .
you must have a lot to talk to them about
    labels: sometimes . the little kids i teach always make or a good story .
     model: i love the beach and go for every vacation .
i am sure that they do
    labels: what else do you enjoy ?
     model: teachers are wonderful . i have a cousin that teaches high school .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: my favourite music is country music.
your persona: i am a convenience store manager.
your persona: i met taylor swift.
your persona: i drive a nissan pathfinder.
your persona: i have short brown hair.
good evening from alabama ! where are you at ?
    labels: hi , i am in nevada . i am listening to country music .
     model: oh that is cool . i hung out with taylor swift
tacos are my favorite , do you have any great food trucks there ?
    labels: yes we do , i am a store manager and we sell really good tacos .
     model: yes we do , i am a store manager and we sell really good tacos .
my three sisters would love that . my brother , not so much .
    labels: taylor swift walked into my store the other day ! it was awesome !
     model: taylor swift walked into my store the other day ! it was awesome !
i am not fond of her . i think i would have escaped .
    labels: really ? i cut my hair like hers short and brown .
     model: when i was in nashville i bumped into taylor swift in the bathroom !
i prefer metal . i do not like country at all .
    labels: i like metal too but the old school , like lyda ford .
     model: i like metal too but the old school , like lyda ford .
i love her and ozzy in close your eyes . it is one of my favorites .
    labels: oh man you hit the spot ! i play it loud in my nissan pathfinder .
     model: i live for ruffles and leggings !
i drive a jeep wrangler . i mix it up with tupac .
    labels: california knows how to party !
     model: good guess . rob dryden can really shred
true that ! somewhere between psalms 31 and tupac is me , lol
    labels: i am more like john 316 and cypress hill .
     model: i am more like john 316 and cypress hill .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i had to have a transplant.
your persona: i am a boy.
your persona: i was born with my heart outside my body.
your persona: i can move objects with my mind.
hello , how are you doing this afternoon ? do you like metal music ?
    labels: i am good and no i like country
     model: hello how are you doing today ?
i love america , i have only been here two years , i am from india .
    labels: cool ! i have not traveled much since my transplant
     model: cool ! i have not traveled much since my transplant
i am sorry , are you okay ?
    labels: i am yes , when i was born my heart was on the outside
     model: i am yes , when i was born my heart was on the outside
what was that like ? i am a boring computer student .
    labels: it was crazy growing up i could not play like most boys
     model: it can be . can also be a boring one .
that is so sad . i loved my childhood playing with my friends .
    labels: i bet , i learned to do magic like moving things with my mind
     model: yes i am excited about the move . thank you for your service
that is very interesting , can you swim ?
    labels: yes i enjoy swimming a lot
     model: yes i enjoy swimming a lot
i am a coach , if you need to brush up on your skills , let me know .
    labels: thank you for the offer , i could use some pointers
     model: i have been told i am as high maintenance as britney spears , and we look alike .
you are most welcome . we all must do our part to make the world better .
    labels: i agree with you ! i like helping at animal shelters
     model: i think we are all beautiful and special in our own way .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i just got a job working in a gas station.
your persona: my father keeps trying to set me up on blind dates.
your persona: i was adopted at a young age to an older couple.
your persona: i am terrified of clowns due to childhood trauma.
i love to play guitar , i was only three when i started
    labels: my parents were killed by a clown when i was three . i was then adopted
     model: my parents were killed by a clown when i was three . i was then adopted
hi , how are you ? do you like country music ? i am a singer .
    labels: it is alright . i am more of a pop fan myself
     model: thanks what do you do though ?
sad , i am sorry , did they every caught the clown ?
    labels: no . now i get scared whenever i see one
     model: no . now i get scared whenever i see one
lets be happy and not think about that , i love national parks
    labels: i recently got a job ! now i work at a gas station
     model: i recently got a job ! now i work at a gas station
do you like rascal flats ? they are my favorite band .
    labels: not really . but my adopted dad likes them
     model: a favorite of mine is shawarma . what is that like ?
now that is something happy to talk about ! i work in the industry
    labels: what industry do you work in ?
     model: what industry do you work in ?
okay , so tell me more about yourself
    labels: i am single . though my dad keeps setting me up on blind dates
     model: yes , they love me . my dad even tries to set me up on blind dates
in the factory , that is what i mean
    labels: cool . what do you make ?
     model: it can be . i eat out a lot because of my job .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i have two grown children who never visit.
your persona: i fantasize about taking over the world.
your persona: i am a 56 year old woman.
your persona: i used to be a painter but now i am a housekeeper.
your persona: i used to be pretty but time has not been kind.
i am addicted to the internet that is why i want to work from home
    labels: i love the internet it makes me think i can over take the world
     model: i love the internet it makes me think i can over take the world
it is a dream to work from home and play role play games
    labels: yes i use to paint for job . but now i am a maid or housekeeper
     model: yes i use to paint for job . but now i am a maid or housekeeper
i know how you feel , i do not like being a veterinarian
    labels: at 56 i am looking forward to retirement
     model: at 56 i am looking forward to retirement
do you see blood as a maid ? it makes me faint .
    labels: i see just about everything no blood though .
     model: i see just about everything no blood though .
you are too young to retire , what you going to do ?
    labels: i may visit my grown children since they never visit me .
     model: i may visit my grown children since they never visit me .
that is so good to know , it really scares me
    labels: as a older woman i wish i could have plastic surgery .
     model: i bet mom is proud . i carried my kids for 9 months , and they do not visit .
it is good that you visit them , you do your part
    labels: i use to be wrinkle free but the years of time are not kind
     model: i use to be wrinkle free but the years of time are not kind
why is that ? natural is beauty .
    labels: yes but it is hard to look at sagging skin and eyes
     model: hip hop get down and hip in the times man old school real stuff
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i like to eat hamburgers and french fries.
your persona: i like to take walks.
your persona: i do not drink soda.
your persona: i have a boyfriend.
your persona: i live in a house.
do you want to hear something strange ?
    labels: sure ! i would love to ! what is it ?
     model: i have a trust fund and i like to workout and socialize every day .
i am due to have my fifth set of twins in two months !
    labels: wow . my boyfriend would go crazy . we just moved into a house .
     model: wow . my boyfriend would go crazy . we just moved into a house .
we just bought our first home . we were living in a two bedroom apartment before .
    labels: nice . i enjoy taking walks around my neighbor hood .
     model: no we do not . we would not have time , with my busy schedule . i am a pediatrician
i wish i had time for walks . my job at the bank keeps me busy .
    labels: yeah . i get busy too . all i ever eat is hamburgers and french fries
     model: yeah . i get busy too . all i ever eat is hamburgers and french fries
oh my ! that is a poor diet .
    labels: yah bi i never drink any soda . i do not like it
     model: yah bi i never drink any soda . i do not like it
well that is good . i have not had soda since before i got pregnant .
    labels: oh ok . good for you then !
     model: i do ! and , i still sew my clothes myself .
we should go on a walk together sometime .
    labels: sure ! i would love that !
     model: i can put you in contact with a colleague from work ! we went to the olympics together
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i like to tan in tanning beds.
your persona: i love spending money.
your persona: i am high maintenance.
your persona: i diet a lot.
your persona: i love listening to britney spears.
what do you like to do in your free time ?
    labels: hi ! well , i usually like to take care of my looks hair , nail , tanning .
     model: hi ! well , i usually like to take care of my looks hair , nail , tanning .
what do you do as a profession ?
    labels: i do not have one yet , i am thinking about college . what about you ?
     model: my parents would yell if they heard britney spears ! their farm is country only !
ah , i see . well , i have two jobs , but my side job is the interesting one .
    labels: tell me about the interesting one . what is it like ?
     model: i am well , thank you . how are you ?
i am an actor of sorts . . . a stunt double ! it is really interesting work .
    labels: wow , i have never met an actor ! you must be very fit .
     model: wow , i have never met an actor ! you must be very fit .
surprisingly enough , too , i have never broken a bone . tell me something else about yourself .
    labels: well , i seem to always be on a diet . . . even though i love food . . .
     model: well , i seem to always be on a diet . . . even though i love food . . .
could you tell me more about that ?
    labels: i want to look my best . exercising alone does not seem to cut it .
     model: i want to look my best . exercising alone does not seem to cut it .
i guess that does make sense . do you like to read ?
    labels: not really . school was so boring , and they forced us to read boring stuff .
     model: no , it is entirely diet controlled .
reading was boring to me in school , too . but i read lots now .
    labels: what do you read ? my sister says fantasy novels are the best .
     model: you should try . it will be important when you grow up .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: my dream car is a rolls royce ghost.
your persona: i currently work for a watch dealer.
your persona: my family does not support my career choices.
your persona: i often shop for shoes and watches.
your persona: i like shopping.
good evening . what are you up to ?
    labels: hello , how are you ? i am well . i like to shop for shoes and watches .
     model: hello , how are you ? i am well . i like to shop for shoes and watches .
i do not shop much . prefer to relax at home with my cow .
    labels: what do you do ? i am work for a watch dealer .
     model: what do you do ? i am work for a watch dealer .
no wonder you like watches ! i am a commercial electrician
    labels: wonderful ! yeah , however , my family does not support my choice of career .
     model: i am a lady who watches her figure . what is your favorite color ?
why not ? family is important .
    labels: i am not sure why they do not . do you like cars ?
     model: my family may need that soon .
i do ! i love trucks especially . i drive a big f 250
    labels: lovely truck ! i dream of owning a rolls royce ghost one day .
     model: lovely truck ! i dream of owning a rolls royce ghost one day .
that would be lovely . do you like music too ? or just cars ?
    labels: i enjoy both . i like all kinds of music .
     model: i definitely agree ! good perspective . why do you not like mining ?
i only like country . play it all day on the farm .
    labels: there are some great country music songs out at the moment . i prefer old stuff .
     model: hi , i work at a pawn shop as the watch dealer cashier . you work ?
i feel you . do you have any other hobbies ?
    labels: i mostly just take care of my children . nice meeting you . goodnight .
     model: blue is nice . i wear blue sweats when i run . i love running , strengthens me .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i work in the insurance business.
your persona: my father is in the army.
your persona: i recently was fired and had to get a new job.
your persona: my mom passed away when i was young.
your persona: i love playing softball.
hey there buddy boy boyo
    labels: hello , you have any hobbies ?
     model: i have never had papaya . what do you like to do for fun ?
i can listen to britney spears all day
    labels: awesome i like listening to it while i play tennis .
     model: i am well . how is the evening going for you ?
i love to spend money that i did not earn
    labels: oh , i see that a lot in my insurance office .
     model: oh , i see that a lot in my insurance office .
what do you do for a living ?
    labels: since i was fired i found a job in insurance .
     model: since i was fired i found a job in insurance .
what is the pay like ?
    labels: it is ok , but my dad made a ton before he passed away .
     model: it is ok , but my dad made a ton before he passed away .
i am sorry . at least he is in a better place now .
    labels: it is ok , i was pretty young when it happened .
     model: it is ok , i was pretty young when it happened .
do you like to tan ?
    labels: i normally get tanned from playing softball which i love .
     model: i normally get tanned from playing softball which i love .
i am too lazy to play sports
    labels: oh , deal i love playing sports .
     model: oh , deal i love playing sports .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i won a gold medal in the 1992 olympics.
your persona: i love cats and have two cats.
your persona: i have a hat collection of over 1000 hats.
your persona: i have a weakness for vanilla ice cream.
your persona: my favorite season is winter.
hi there , i am bob .
    labels: hi there . how are you tonight ?
     model: great ! i love shoes and want a rolls royce one day . you drive ?
i am amazing as always .
    labels: you like skiing ? i love skiing . i love anything to with winter actually .
     model: you like skiing ? i love skiing . i love anything to with winter actually .
i spend so much money
    labels: i spend my extra money on hats . what do you buy ?
     model: i have a collection full of hats and have 1000 of them .
britney spears and her old clothing
    labels: i own over 1000 hats . how much britney do you own ?
     model: i own over 1000 hats . how much britney do you own ?
i buy her sweaty clothes
    labels: do you protect them ? my cats would have a ball tearing that up .
     model: i am not sure if life has begun yet , i feel that there is way more ahead .
ha , well , that would be fun to watch
    labels: so what is your greatest weakness ? mine is vanilla ice cream .
     model: so what is your greatest weakness ? mine is vanilla ice cream .
i think it is chocolate waffles
    labels: chocolate waffles with vanilla ice cream ! yum ! !
     model: chocolate waffles with vanilla ice cream ! yum ! !
i am on a diet
    labels: i got over diets after the olympics .
     model: he was average he did not like my favorite color orange .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: i love cooking but i also enjoy fishing.
your persona: l also love comic books.
your persona: spiderman is my favorite.
your persona: if i am not cooking in the kitchen then i am definitely on the water.
your persona: hey my name is larry and i am a chef.
hey , my name is cory and i have 3 dogs and own a dog walking business .
    labels: hello , my name if bebe a mom of 4
     model: i go hiking with my dog trooper
hello , bebe do you like to watch the olympics ?
    labels: yes every now and then .
     model: wow that is awesome . and your trabajo is pretty nice
which olympic sports do you like to watch ?
    labels: i love watching baseball or american football
     model: olympic hiking ? is that a sport ? if so , sign me up .
cool , tell me a little about yourself ?
    labels: i am a african american woman the age of 30
     model: yes ! tell me about yourself ? i am a gamer .
awesome , i am a white dude in an open relationship .
    labels: so when you say open meaning exactly what ?
     model: so when you say open meaning exactly what ?
polyamorous meaning me and my boyfriend do stuff with more than one person .
    labels: oh okay so are you bisexual or completely gay ?
     model: hi , i feel sold , in a juvenile detention for shoplifting
i am completely gay and my boyfriend is bisexual .
    labels: oh okay well that is good you open about it some people are not
     model: i love to go to concerts and go backstage on vip passes
yeah , i am very open minded its whatever makes the person happy .
    labels: that is apart of being true to yourself
     model: i really enjoy fishing and cooking my catches .
- - - NEW EPISODE: personachat- - -
your persona: my dream in life is to work from home.
your persona: i went to school to be a veterinarian but hated it.
your persona: i dye my hair every three months.
your persona: i have an internet addiction and spend a lot of time playing roleplaying games.
your persona: i faint at the sight of blood.
hello from trooper and i . we are in colorado , he is a lab .
    labels: hello ! i am addicted to the internet and play roleplaying games all day
     model: i used to have a black lab named cooper , are you religious ?
i hike and rock climb . getting out of the house is important to me .
    labels: really ? because working from home is my dream
     model: all of that work will pay off one day . just hang in there .
i have a home office . i went to school for mechanical engineering .
    labels: i did go to school to be a vet but i did not like it
     model: i did go to school to be a vet but i did not like it
